You know that what I do is writing for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and compassions.
And you know that a compared is usually something that was falling somewhere in place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a compare.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Martin did.
It's the kind of complicated circle I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s, in the middle school, in TED, Ohio.
When they beat up to bleeding every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by letting me enter the bathroom of the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mrs.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring it to that man that I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to rush with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Telegraph.
We went to see it, we laughed down, and we realized that she needed to be a personalized person.
We found a place, we tried, and we looked at it, and we looked at her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, he became a box of conceptions, and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that compassion that I spoke to you was done in itself.
The computer is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today we talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first computers.
I was amazed.
My heart stand quickly, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The computers around me came out of the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think that it was a little snow of snow over another year of snow after year.
The monkeys are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice bars apart.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to come back and hang down to the end, while others can't afford it more and shaped in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, by seeing a computer, which are isolated isolated and alone, in great measure as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As an airplane, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is launded by a ship release water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these computers as if I would be treated by the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt out, it's not a end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the computers that I photograph is very young. It has a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a computer that I photographed in Kerocapansalists, Greenland.
It's just a little bit often to get to look at an adult autonomy.
Here you are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of form.
You can see here, it starts to come around, the boat has moved on the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a path of Gangonar, average size.
It's about the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly in the same moment, every one by a baby -- OK.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much on the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the notion of it, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the chromosome X of the egg.
And in the other case, the X percent of the sperm is attached to the X percent of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
We'll go back to them later.
In my ground activity will be two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the anatomy story.
I'm a record for training, and what I study in this case is the way people love the anatomy -- and they say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I care about in my work is activist as a patient of patients, or as I say sometimes -- impossible of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, with twin twins, two people inside a body itself.
I've worked with people with economics, people much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit into the male machines and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it annoying.
The analyzed adopt a lot of forms.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male common or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual based on Michael Michael whose gene of the chromosome and says to the proteins, that we all have in the real life, that they become substances.
And then, in real life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a course typically female.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sounds but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is happening.
And then you realize that instead of making you realize that instead of having sheep and the time, it actually has obstacles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called the super-controlled colleges.
They're on the back of the body.
The top glands produce informants, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their cosmic structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the oxygen.
We produce nitrogen and respond to the oxygen.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the information than the woman who was born with obstacles that have the syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the aliens are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy who was born and raised as they would go, and he had name, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and I had just discovered that I had sheep and I had holes.
He had an extreme form of a known disease as a super-contributing airplane.
He had chromosomes and in the way the super-controlled glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their general people were recorded, their brain was exposed to the completely male component.
It was born with respect of a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at age 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal investment, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of annoying.
Some people with chromosomes develop what's known as a vehicle, which is to say, they have organic tissue wrapped in tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with this kind of body -- whether they are from -- are standards, or standard twins, or international surgeries -- they move to normal surgery, not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that they are taken to several surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly being black, means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with called it.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how astonishing it is to have children who are born like two people inside a body.
The recent case is last year with South African South African South African South African South African South African South service in the International Locatoods of Berlin.
Many reporters called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Mass Melanus" is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't map a broad line between men and women or between men and innovators and women and women, we are who we brought that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are matched directly with stable stational categories -- are much more discussion than we thought about.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something which is much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As you see, we get into a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about the fact that they are in just a few legal legal stress?
And as we go through the science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all aspects of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has rights different than the photos.
There are very speeding discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- whether someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to watch them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved you still not buried it.
If I stopped moving through it.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine the death of somebody, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be held to someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I'm going to argue that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about it.
It tense from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am a nerve announce of the parents of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were supportive, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find each of them watching that music Corporation Colombia and not for music, which is totally impossible.
That's why it happened in 1976 with the parents India.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as you all remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy itself.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the right of blood transmitted from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They turned the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the atomic differences. That was something very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a distributed system in which they were spending two things.
He was spending democracy and at the same time the science.
And it was very clear -- if we looked at the story of the parents of the parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were dropping out of the standard explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by the idea of a law rights idea.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And we were in consequence of the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundation of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeed.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the County Shakespeare charity, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men on the front of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who were pushing into the anatomical match.
We see the same with the Mountain of disability.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain decisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to give up the anatomy in the room.
I don't mean that at the age of five years were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both recipients in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
So let's imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1 in 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born on the one in 1980.
For the only fact that you've been born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before to Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other relationships in relation to their rights.
Henry -- in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it's 18, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible about the mandatory control that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- on its part, doesn't have the same rights as Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still have anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could they make it?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science will escape.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do this to it."
But a lot of people have been trapped in a weird position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman you have to have chromosome and you have to have it.
Now, in practice they don't make meaning to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome, to the oxygen.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, and the Department is about the rest of a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their career, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their cancer?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should based on this to ensure people, because I've been going to admit that I know about some people will argue that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some speakers I know can make more informed decisions and smart and mature about their sexual relationships than people in 40 than I know.
So how do you put in practice the subject of the conservation?
It's very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with an MRI response.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to lead this stream of thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live in a context like the anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is unlikely to be killed, unless it's willing to take on a sex shift, which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke to a couple of years ago that I had made light twin some of the time to separate them, and so they will increase her fame.
But when the phone was asked the motivation of the operation, it was a very risky operation, explained that in that other country these kids would be very upset and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has it considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing for the state of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how it would be democracy, or as it might have been, if we had given greater involvement to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for an feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical politicians, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I have been interested in the anniversary, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the party, one of my dreams I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- as now as I was -- made a strange plant.
"Tell me what the microbial has from Minister.
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with depressing gender stereotypes -- so there's nothing female in the female neurons.
But the more I thought about the question, the more it seems to me that there is something female in minister.
I mean, there could be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were really excited to find a way to protect people in part of the state, you may have infected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the representation of recognition.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the analysis, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect meeting, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract again.
Well, right now, we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it into the world decades, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments are already owners and that the other half is still missing to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make applications in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you would face is that those buildings and areas surrounding them have rules to avoid the policies and the building variations of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those chances.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the building rather than putting it done.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of reform to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Jane and Santa were thinking about the challenge of reform Harvard.
They knew that every year about 75,000 supernovae would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Harrendina's went through a broken institutional crisis.
In the next regular choices, Pepper Louisly imposed with a platform in which promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Santa to be his head of option.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal talk.
Through a process of a machine, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all of the current residents of apartments of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs both technology and norms to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a sentence with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's try this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- looking at some of them, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, Santa said, "Paul said, "Well, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a city under the theater is a place where you start with a citizen vertical, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Harvard called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to make our country forward.
I was asked to go to California and talk about new four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Delteninal and the white line is the new airport that was built in Delt.
Just this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the commands that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody clap enormous.
The public faces were very serious and standards.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Martin, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go on in the harmons, instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the London government would need to help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that help them to establish and make the standards of the status, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively over.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could go easily about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to send their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional combination was 120 to one.
All the parties -- all the action in society, they revealed it.
To include the Constitution, you have to try twice in Congress.
On February 17th, another time in another voting -- 1812 to one.
Immediately after the voting 21 to 24, a 32 candles delegation went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that's built in South Korea, is bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting the peaks.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this properly, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're setting up a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time it would allow you to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing his Supreme to be the future of last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are urban and building structures that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go out there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to go to work -- sometimes they are solar mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even kids trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honduras.
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my consumer friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Joel, and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that, I live obsessed with the trips.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought open, colorful and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is second hands of summittes of pieces of superstars and seconds.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my worker in the environment and my wallet.
I come to meet interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying becomes my personal search for structures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Will it be from my street?
Do I like color to it?
I cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I did for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring somebody who has all that print?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I got.
I've taken seven feet of inner clothes, and nothing else.
I have an inner Ethiopia for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else I want to use after I got here to Palm Confersons.
And since I'm not known as the woman walking at TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the dots for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
While I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is what I call a brilliant sign.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see it phenomenal.
All the together, including the jacket -- it costs me 15, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lusters, color is energy.
It's almost exciting impossible to be wrong, when you're looking at a bright red story.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, the integration is disabled.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate me.
Just do it yourself.
If you surrounded the right people, you will not only understand you, you will be appreciating you.
Moralds, "Do the kid that you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the distributions, or I remind them for their seven-year-old age.
I like to tell you and say, "Thank you."
There -- "The confidence is key.
If you think you're looking at something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood her meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, there's no look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday -- a universal truth six words for you: the golden legs go with everything.
And finally, subsidized, develop a personal and unique way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people came up with me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some other things.
I don't need to get myself emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure the automatic of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely curious.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you guide your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes were going to play for one of these extremes but I think for most of the immigrants of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great automobile in both of these manipulations at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually an exceptional.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists we need quite logical to get these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition, well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
One intuition that you may have developed with the past years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't do with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking parking parking with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, you find that they do all kinds of weird things -- as they can go through walls, or that they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called it theory theory quantum mechanics.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it be all the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to push it up a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we make a very large approach to the little bit of metal.
What we see is a little little bit of metal metal, and it becomes a form of computer and it goes into a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip chip and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this book in a form of swimming swimming that is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap -- but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make a analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people are going up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually, suppose.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
And the journey of the journey of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that would take it up and the wind that passes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers apart.
And that's what we did.
We turned the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air and then cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator. The little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- like a street that stretches and compared.
And by giving you a mild supermarket, we could make it vibrate. And it doesn't survive at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing survives and doesn't survive at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are fifth and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are airplane.
In the rest of time they're solving.
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth offering me in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was stated in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep hierarchy of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Motor.
And 18 months ago I was doing another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to bring it up.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of communications and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo of it.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I began to learn a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started to do it.
I better show you the demo for then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we have taken through their launch.
So, simply, go to Machine.
Look around all the museums there.
There's the Great Gallery, the Mommy, the Military, the Microsoft, the Gandhi Man.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Autonoen, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and, "Mom, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and they get fun.
Do you want to navigate the breast?
We open up the plane up, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead and go ahead.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The "The Penturoge of Peter Barrier in the Automatic.
I see the sign one.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the Christian technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, about 10 billion pages.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get in 10 million pages?"
So I'm going to show you what you actually get to 10 million pages.
It can make it very simple.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I started to play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait a moment, this seems interesting.
I walked into and found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little research, I talked to some people from the Automatic, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "people in a word called "Philippe -- which is to hit a hand with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get further in deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite of my favorites, "The United night.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the control?
And if you want to see how Van Geographer actually created this structure of teacher?
It goes up, and it really does it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this square, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the University of the States "the University of the state I never saw it so before.
I'm going to show you another favorite function.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called the Collects.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have an analysis, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the Command "compassion," and we just made a market around.
This is the "barits" at the National Gallery of London.
You can tell things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you learn these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes justice to your art artwork and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that they do today is: "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a view?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a pilot, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from Italian region, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that has happened something very interesting in the careers of formula one in the last two decades.
Some time ago, if you wanted to win a factory of Millennium 1, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering, in engineering, it's called control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components. A sensor and a computer.
The interesting thing is that the control systems are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're getting computers to open air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and acceptants.
Independent cities is a big thing.
As I noticed that I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these organizations and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Palona Paul to the end of the Yemen, during the summer.
It's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Man Take "My "Man: "The NASA.
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms became sensors and anti-materials.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old sign of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo Electricity wrote the Mountain, he says that at the end of the hammer took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses --  -- you can still see a little street boat, and he said, "Well, "Why don't you talk, "Why don't you talk?
Well, today, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and to get something.
Let's start with action.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup County.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end Rick gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening on the Web.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Earth River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon there are people over here, and there are people who are doing called movement.
It starts the party, silence.
Jack from France, Gollar from Italy.
I try to make people a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the planet.
First extra time, second.
Richard: And at a moment, the head.
Galile's Galileo, yeah!
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
You see the big summit.
The next day they all went to the middle of the winning team and the first minister then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cameron Music, where, from the body period, people will celebrate. It's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but of things we use and consume them.
Today, we know all about the provenance of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they call it.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed a little bit of a small tag to track the trash in its self-expression by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were doing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would be surrounded anyway.
Then we put a little chip and a strategy, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Get out of Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
This is data that didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still there.
And if we show that to people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Steve Richard, could tell us a lot more about detection and a lot of other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to get to the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Carolin.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves -- they have solar colleges, some of the things that open and shut down.
It's created as a water curtain with water pixels with water.
If you run the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And as we zoom in, the curtain will open up so we can go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Blahe mayor of Mayor that we did.
He liked a lot of it.
And I added a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Operatheless.
We call this Panel Palonation.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you go to open you open up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the slums, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter when the roof goes down, somebody who was there and said, "The building."
No, it's not that you've got it, but when you go down almost all the architecture goes away.
This is working.
You see people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am myself trying not to get me out trying to get the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Park came into the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that opens up to let them happen, but a building that kept making slices and water holes and you had to jump out to not get wet.
(Music noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects -- engineers, designers, we always think about using people to give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the pixels of water, and of projections on them.
And this is what led us to thinking about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw earlier, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible screen like this with a regular configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, in which what changes is light, not the position of the pages.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen appeared in different scales and size, in different types of resolution.
And that then all of that could take a cloud of 3D pixels to which you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very different angles of it.
This is the real stress strength, going down to form a view, like before.
When the light, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of the people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Black -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Walk star of New York and the Millen Palestine, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entry for the Library.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pages, the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D distribution in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can go back all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and contraction.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Library.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a chart of clouds, like the grain of grass, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could get everybody to earn a little bit for a pig.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of painting in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're paintings.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pages.
You can move around inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it will serve to share the main moments of Olympic Procedures in 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital photographer at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate and faster and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, being stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like to you?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creativity -- creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
One was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many of the memory will choose memory.
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about the television?
Oh, most of them make me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imaginative?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a theme here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, Telescope, that was also involved in the Google Rodan Church wrote a machine called National Noboth makes sense of the light of the Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Is it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, is, of course, the one that we're most interested in.
We have a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervening there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of manifestation.
Some of them have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat the record?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically inequality, which comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take on the more bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Cameron is posed by the computing of the computer: Do you think about bacteria.
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, mouth, it's very surrounded.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional expression of some force for the output.
But for that, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are they meant to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief compound -- the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies -- and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you enjoyed it.
When I went into college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important -- with the emergence of sexual reproduction.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death death enters in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, "the sustainable, "Anonymer, dead death -- seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went on, it had more supportive.
I got to understand the feelings of George Bronx who still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him you find a wonderful red dancing dancer.
He looks at it and he says, "He was looking for a sex shoulder."
"It says, "Okay, George says, "I choose the superstar."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution. It doesn't necessarily document, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
He wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like stranger rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next national level and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not memory."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favors the bigger or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the triangles that can survive the heat of the flowers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish in the cow, yet they've managed to make that an electrical environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, we have known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we made, we conclude, and we get rid of so much that you can't have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that there's a traditional evolution of the traditional type, natural production imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution will roll down, but they're absolutely property.
And in the course of the clinic, when as a species complicated planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The so-called "Nature called, new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose to individual and family.
Think also that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only sex of its desperate, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the primate?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 13 years old.
It cost 2,000 million dollars.
The next year to have finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to spend a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that the human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine with the cross-conflict in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good coming out of the bank?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their desperate?
And if you could change the sperm and the streets, or change the newly recording versus, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate diabetes, to remove the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want to do more sites?
And then, that same analog technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to take a better proposition, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken General especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Marine Manage?
Why not have a faster contact muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer time?
This is going to be a strict thing.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to become the evolution of before in the "Now."
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or your grandchildren, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these options in the country of a better society, more successful?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform.
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions.
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing camera, color, color.
Cope, color, color, color. It sounds terrifying sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting at night.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight stations.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some options."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot releases the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route of it.
I switched the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most passionate words I've ever heard.
He said, "I'll think for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
As I was thinking about that, I came up with a sentence, which is, "I collect bad wine bloods."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to do anything in life.
And that growth, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we captured the George Washington Bridge -- I thought about a lot of -- I thought about wow, I really feel a great weigh of it.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and with my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also follow my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't care with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a death in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I didn't have a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I'm no longer trying to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, 15, 14, 1923.
You see the water will come down.
I'm saying, "Please go away."
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those collections.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, "Oh, wow, I'm not afraid of fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, I just want one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still.  And I scream, ball, like a little bit.
And for me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point, I understood -- by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
And especially the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
He gave me a miracle, not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge you imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't be that -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What they would do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best fathers who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the greatest one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called Matters.
Stop was one of the most important words in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a biomass in the parents."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today Pete has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Your work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation company, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony Play, PowerPoint, and its cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him."
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he'll be able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that you saw Stephen Harvard -- not all people with paralysis can communicate through those stores?"
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Do you ever see the movie "Please "Colleague and male?"
They communicate in that way -- they are moving with the finger.
I said, "That's a rape. How can it be?
So I came up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it."
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Grade "The Real Lab Research Really "The "The Leopard Really who has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser test, they draw on that and register negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year after a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot to move things on one side to another we'd made a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that Peter could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it "Well, because when you talk to the guy you get a email of him, and you say, "I don't appreciate it. This guy's great."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world -- literally all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and constructions and anti-materials took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something totally stupid and that when we would have taken out the squares of the walls and in their place would be graffiti in it.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea floor of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called "Trade "Researcher," "The "North and you can see the description of it.
They are a couple of cheap states that we buy in the sea Park of Venters Bad -- some copper copper and things about Homo Department and Caribbean Sacrain.
We take a dialect camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds one -- we publish the free code -- software is low in a free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
No insurance company says, "No."
There's no hospital I can say no."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the Saturday room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this block and head during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning -- two weeks of programming -- intense sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking state of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling of the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to disrupt the parking lot, so we felt like we were replacing graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pulled me out there so that I could be able to breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and more robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won many prize.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards went from the guy, "Oh, this is great."
Armstrong adds something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle. It's that in April this year in the French February at the center of Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called "Arthur in the Captain."
And "Archieve in the Captain is going to have the best people in urban art, "Shark Free, Charles."
Stop is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically, this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, it can happen.
None of what there is in this room -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Roschilaria, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Do it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with muscle recognition technology -- I just recognized something and I had wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when do I do not know, what? And if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in incredibly difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous time.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine, dangerous.
It filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous in the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are strengthened and interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that would look entertaining and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the paralyze I wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard of, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a bird in Mumbai.
I emailed some messages on Facebook, some in Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was the following: "The United States Star presenting -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and as content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But this is a very good media opportunity."
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters?
Thank you.
It's a degree in progress, by the way.
So even with that side I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If I had asked you a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing -- the advertising world.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared me, nothing could be an anticipation, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Rockettables: I want to make a film that deals with the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with a product of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest film ever "stripped."
What happens in "The biggest film ever realized is that all of the top up at the bottom, the beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the presence that comes before the title, the X market.
Now this brand Asian School, the Apple Center.
These people are going to be at the end of the film for forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea, Michael Katrina: it's a store, which is what? MK: Is it a modern: Is it a student, to the time, forever.
I'm a people a people a per story. (Music, I just say -- it was more by faith.
It was "Man "Man."
But we're not just going to have the market of the X brand on the title but we're going to make sure we can take all the categories that we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you have used to.
The most cool car that you've been driving in "The largest film ever "step," the best picture you have ever realized," the best picture you ever seen is nothing selling it."
Now, March Cartons: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them funding the film the final thing: MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film of beginning to end.
And I would love to help make it happen.
Robert developed you, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
She's going on -- though, I don't know how it receives is going to be people to that.
MK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Team is very negative, but you know how is it going to replace it? (Musician, no idea. David commons?"
MS: One million and a half -- (Audience: All right. John Mommanism." I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
DK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see as a lot of joyful decisions.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russell: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or being me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what marks do.
MS: Yeah. (Ma: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (May, well shut the camera.
MS: I thought that "speaker was meant to have a conversation out of microphone.
Turn to the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your psychology."
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to get so many people to see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a spiritual error and that error was this one.
Actually, no, there was no error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for the image images in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that comes in.
I like you to be driven, Sergey Berkeley. No.
This was the problem: the transparency. free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seeing, easily interactive, which is characterized by the visibility or the possibility of information, especially in business practice -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians will name it, the president is name, even the CEO would name it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it really changes something changes.
But why? Well, transparency da fear --  -- like that weird bear that still happens.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it really?
I'll eat a whole range of Collider Hight.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but tell us our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as used to do it, and he said, "Son, there's three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you can see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Brazilian of many years -- I realized I would have to go on the middle and go to the companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others that make small, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who make movies from big, giant Hollywood movies say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films, movies?
And the movie is called "The largest film ever "stripped."
How are we going to look specifically at Bang in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bomb, you'll see the support Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm down.
Maybe you should give you a little bit of this before the interview of it."
And there would offer one of these fabulous programs.
Both "Florida Life as "Well are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men for a woman, solid, to called a ball, in bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a permanent look.
Karen Franklin: We are a small brand.
Similar to the smaller movies that you can tell, we are rather a rival brand for it.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have on them.
So doing things like that, you know, remind people to be the reason that we're interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe to Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the arm.
Man: We talked about something audacious -- fresh.
I think "Freeze is a big word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the surface."
It keeps you fresh.
How do you get more fresh time? With better speed, more stranger, three times more arm.
Things like those who reflect the benefits.
MS: And that's a marine company.
What about me? What about a common kind of child?
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand face?
Man: My brand Mars?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I'm going to survive the 1980s, Pata PowerPoint unless it is a slaughter.
MS: All right, what is the Kerry Mary?
Britain: Something unique. (Music: unique. Man: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark window."
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
I usually have streets like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and the such.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation: Berkeley Ben.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it "Call "Charge Volation."
Woman 2: In part of a hippie part, partly a Beel, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is French because I got the market.
Man 5: Marcus Malaria Mark failure.
Is that something?
(Audience: I'm a brand programmer.
Tom, I'm took.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I'm often classified in the intersection of dark "Look and very very classroom version."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the Mark "The "Market "The "The "Media "The "The "Market "The "The "The Marshall "The "The "The Marshall process."
And I found a company called Robert Manhattan in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Sex, Robert, Martin to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
So the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come together and start in a place and in my case, and you start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is this was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being, right?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why you serve that?
What's the magnetic match? What phase are you right now?
Why is it important to recognize what the red is?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
How many other motors have you had had?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of mountain are you?
MS:
A: Thank you for your patience, "Mosp -- Grand work?  Yeah. (Music: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Self-original Mariness -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but cleaners, in your brand personality, the brand Morgan Rocket is a construction brand.
They are approved very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive and you make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is the classic classroom, Apple.
And you can also see here to Germany, 1,000 members of Ben Company and Republicans.
Now there are medical marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a consequence framework is quite powerful.
MS: A classic market? What's your market?
If someone asked you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality of brand, what would it be?
Are you a remote transport? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a destroyed super-control?
A little more calm and reserve, researcher: conservative?
The relevant attributes are like being a playful being a red being like the English, contemporary contemporary -- and contemporary or antibody, or adversitive or dance like Robert Life, fast or grandmother, professional, minerally, magic or mystic like Canada.
Or are you more likely to be depressed?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like 1990?
Are you a reality, traditional, the protein, protection -- you identify with Chris?
Are you reliable, stable, family, cool, safe, sacred or analytically, like the Dalai Lama or a Harris?
In the course of this film we had over 500 companies, and and advanced and desertification, they said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the recording, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for marketing for China.
We went to San Paulo. Where they've banned advertising to the open air.
Throughout the city for the last five years, there are no valleys, no cards, no surveillance, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing the way in schools with problems of wealth in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the most successful answer, or the most successful ones I've been interacting with is those I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took out the buffer, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think of people who are going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did they have success?
Well, since the movie is trained in the State State, let's take a look.
According to Europeans, the movie is trained in January and since then, and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a 200 weeks and a half.
That's just online -- no press -- no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in the structure.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talk about was advised to their clients not to be parts.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take the people out of it, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees on the risk of risk you're preparing your whole company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we need to take place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear. We make the risk.
From one rope at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to push the transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We add the Streets has been presented by my good friends of McDonald's who for 1973 bought the rights.
RM: Becoming great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
Pro-voice presents the "Facebook destroy."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Martine, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1973?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have an name of the TED March organization of TED Marchus Foundation, the Silicon Foundation, a check for 177 to be applied to my TED assistance for the next year.
The idea behind the computer anti-makers is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the distribution plant in Daniel in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to compromise these systems that control speeds and computers, we can cause a lot of problems with the contradiction.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective company from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with an Windows.
The judge income to the gray box, gave the contradios, and the nuclear program would Iranian -- it was sentenced.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Washington six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Americans, the installed insult used multiple values as well.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Shanghimicrophen and we saw what happened to this.
So they got very strange things.
Johnny was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- it smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese, I realized, and I thought, "This is a translated attack.
It's completely declined."
The analysis is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, sustainability does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
You'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we broke the code of attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stop analysis is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks like the old block language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for neuroscientists and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with potential potential in the real world.
We need theories about satellites that we can approve or stop.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satellite, it must be a white white -- and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Boston and the advertising plant.
So I told my assistant, "Hey a list of all experts in contradictions and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and I found them in a effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital opinion with the control of the engine.
The author is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this photo, they certainly can burn it and even get the contradiction to explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover it in a obvious effort to go back crazy to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the digital digital oxytocin looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number three: 1963 in that code, you can't get obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these artifacts are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 185 contradictions.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And he got better at all.
And these governments in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the account of the track?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there's not magnetism: it wasn't like that.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We would usually end up in dead chairs and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital individuals tested one single goal, but from different angle.
The small old man is taking a waterfall and making the writers and they sell them, and the big judge communicates with six waterfall and manipulating communities.
In short, we're very confident that we have determined what the satisficate is.
It's National Andrew and it's only Nata.
We should not worry that other goals are achieved by Steven.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the cards.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors, for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still executed during the attack, with fake data data.
And believe it or not, these fake data data is made by Steven.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the toilet, the security camera feed video for video property.
Is it great there?
The idea here is obviously not just going to force the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to provide a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in a energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes down, you have to open up a scale of escape in a milliseconds.
And obviously this can't make it a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged then they can go bad stuff.
The plant can exploit.
And no prisoners or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically with contradictions, with uranium benefits.
It could work too, for example, in a power plant, or in a automotive factory.
It's generosity.
And you don't have -- like a control -- to disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Statua.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
It can disseminate it as possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a disease of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the implications, and we better start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that Moore's the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Region, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the Mountain is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber primation.
There is a single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately attacked.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for demographic. Thank you, Challet.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give any supernatural skills, or another that makes users out of wheelchair streams and go back to walk.
In Berkie Binese we call these robots, really artifacts.
They are nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force, that also increases its speed, and aid, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign times.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now what we're working on now we started to talk about the American soldier that on average, it must take on its back a 40 pounds, and it's demanding to get even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important implications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to take this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hollywood -- or the War Color Charles Chinese.
Soldier: With the Ellate Elizabeth that I can put 90 pounds out of variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put in colonies to get out and execute movements with great inequality.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
"Most of us are ready, we're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now, look at the wheelchair users on wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spine that when you start their life -- 20 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that drives very quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complications -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from their successful specific, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Legos who is using Amanda White who was 19 years ago had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't go back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bangladesh, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Legos, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals into the computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give you energy engines in the buildings, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and natural store.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, holding up the bottom of it was paralyzed.
In a second, I lost all sensation and all motion of the pelvis.
A little time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "You know, you will never walk again.
That was 19 years ago.
So I stole until the last couple of hope of my being.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to melt down in corners, climb rocks and even ride on hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the wheelchair users to all of us.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the attack, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where the diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Middle Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobo forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, closest together.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their artificial.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis about this in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimps are dominated by large guys, terrifying things, the Bonobo society is in charge of female with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't been seen.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the great apes of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same same -- stage from a violent conflict that has been made by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bonobos.
The trade of hunting meat and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos. And honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hiding the trees.
Who are these primates?
We know them as the food "compassion "Amazon, not war -- because they have frequent sex -- and they have a frequent and a mastery and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Karama Susan.
The banks, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance,
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the same evolutionary roots of the laughter and the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild.
First, it's a bomb bomb game -- and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in a conservation.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it from the books.
Just that I think in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much in banks as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's more fun.
But the game is collaborative.
The game is collaborative, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more completely signals, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the staggering is.
And I want you to see -- this is Robert, a young man, who's playing with water.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that propelled us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we shape are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our comfort of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But do we leverage our own capacity of computer?
Play is not failure.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and desperately.
When it seems at least to play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
So we fellow primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hold.
When I am not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain of captain in a volunteer book.
And in our city, where volunteers have a highly skilled personal staff -- you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first send.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a race race against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was angry in a conversation with the owner that he certainly was wearing one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the middle night, she was standing outside the rain, under a walk, in airplane, so as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before me, called Leonardo Berkeley -- came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog in the house.
The dog." I was so curiose."
There was a lawyer or a management of money who, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a living living only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a sentence.
He said, "You know, I need you to go home.
I need to go up the fire, and you bring it to this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went -- I climbed the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the Leagons Leava that at that height or less had finished the fire and walked into the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my Nations and the precious dog at the main door.
We took out of the house the series for the house of the house where, as it was to expect, their treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the dream of the house by making sure by the brave effort demonstrated to save their house.
The kindness that she watched over the other was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my vacation in Robin Home as in my vacation as a volunteer break I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of acts of grace and courage at individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have been done, or are you to get there, remarkable levels of success would like to remind you of this: Don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give them now.
They serve food in a dining bat, clean a park in the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they enter the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beel, Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 188 with a very simple idea, mountains of cement of a measure that fits each other.
Very quickly, these became the largest construction unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at the time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LIGO, came up with this.
It's called a motor called architecture.
And in a few years, the Ladenshi bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 billion pounds per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
Lego made it accessible.
Lego simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to influence the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick that would take each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows the transistor to create much larger and more complex circuits a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't know, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop Littles.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Bellife are electronic modules each of you with a specific function.
They're designed to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they join through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks.
The green is the street, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the insult.
So you only have to assemble a blue with green and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator in the middle.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an intense light.
We added this time to create more impact and have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, LGBT are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, Life allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it blink faster or slower down, you just turn this button to make the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Life is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to translate to bricks ready to use.
lights, sound, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Littles to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
So for example, how a light is working, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken the Life to design schools.
So, for example, designers without an electronics is starting to play with LGBT as a material.
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and flower, we have Green creating.
(Sort --  A few weeks ago, we took the designers to the designer of Rhode Island design -- they don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, "Make something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a car of contact active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a standard made of plastic that has fear of the dark.
For these engineers, they were not invisible, the electronics became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the grasp of all.
So, Little personality has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So ahead and invent again.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment focusing on ourselves.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can delay a little bit of control.
We can continue better to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I've already taken the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technical designers to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be, and we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "The North America and they would be like a production of Peace for translations.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the beginning.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world of municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know the way.
It's a city of Boston City.
Here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really is looking for is that someone clean it when it stays caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at getting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help this simple way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of North America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a lot last year.
They realized that the city never clean these heads.
But one of the members named Erik Muslim noticed something else: that citizens would wipe the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed a application.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a partner.
You accept to clean it up when it goes.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it in.
If you don't do it, somebody can be strongly.
So it has a medical component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications scheduled last year.
But something else does something that no other government technology is doing.
And it spreads.
A responsible of the city of Northern citizens to see this app realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt the systems of tsunami.
It's very important that these system states, but people steal the batteries out.
That's why he asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to raise the light backs.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people to be able to clean up when it was born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction in a organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that had three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the Indian power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So a app that is program in a couple of days and spread in viral shape is a kind of warning of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not as in private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Neither as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without researchers, in a open, general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an analytically institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "The America for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities.
They've not been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain about it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at the Internet "Four Motor Montage -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Silicon, "What we do together because we just don't can."
Now, a lot of people have left government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to consider it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government itself.
And because the government ultimately comes from us -- remember that from us?" The way we think about affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government was in choosing people to take a load of constraints.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly about gas.
This is the central attention center of services and information.
It's the place that serves the calls if you grow 1852 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
English income in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put music good and see if you go?"
And it worked. So well by State.
But that wasn't the end of the graphics.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a police, web and mobile called Captain Congo."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the Office of New York City Michael Muslim.
One day, this happened really, it comes to this point -- "That "I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to really?
The dynamic Code Communication is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In The Harvard Congress everything is public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I walked up to the place, found the garbage cube behind the house.
Robert? Yes. Vietnam? Yes.
I turned the cube off. I went home.
Good evening, Carolina Cart."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the government income to voluntary voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
He connected the two people.
And I could have connected to government services to be needed, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we promote communities.
If we call animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect government to reflect our values and detection our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
Below what we call the coral.
And we say that word very descend.
But it is that contempt. What keeps us that it belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our versus that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That does the movement movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report from 236 pages in response to the Prize of the United States "Worker -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political antibiotics, it's bureaucratic activities.
And for those of us who have been based on government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't consider government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act immediate, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a major generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost by granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about, you're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when the government problem is faced with the government problem, they don't care much to do hear their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to work to program applications that make better work better to government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean by a piece, taking weeds up, walking through a garbage cube that has a gene inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hundreds and lots of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that; we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in organized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach yourself with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I am if it's charitable to do a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a modern family dominated by a marketing, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1800 and her experience with slavery as the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also amazing.
When I was little and I looked at her, she came up to me and I had a good arm.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I felt.
A or two hours later, I went back to her, and she came up to me and said, "Learn, you still feel my air?"
And if I said no, I would grab me again and if I said yes, I left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of the 10.
At times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and she smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, she took me out of my hand, and he said, "Go Brand. The two will conversation."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside, and he said, "Learn, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mama.
She said, "Now let me say you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want."
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Berkeley."
I said, "Oh, "Mayor."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is that you always want your mother."
Audience: She's my son, and you have to promise you will always be advertise."
As I was talking to my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is the hardest thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third I want you to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
I grew up in the field, in South rural South -- I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a seal of six beers -- I don't know where I got it, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the usual skeletons.
He took a beer sip and offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister also -- "How do you have a religion."
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? It takes a relationship."
I was happy to look at the life with force and helped, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mambark."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom, tell all the grandchildren that are special.
I was quiet.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread beautifully.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking is a virtue -- I say it for the power that has identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that they don't think they could do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been ready during proposition.
My aunt died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to commit with.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in the world freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities, or black communities, it's so strong, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black is in the 18 and the 30 years is in prison or in parole.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the color kids are in prison or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not collectively, but wealth that comes up with results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are consistently.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work for some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you private rights for always if you have a criminal dinner.
Right now in Alabama, 70 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it for the next 10 years the level of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it focuses on children of 13 to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, without any chance to come out.
Right now we are in the process of some of the liberations.
The only country in the world.
It represents people on the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for common memories?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people that are executed -- one that is innocent that it's the independent and liberated of the death of death.
A rate of error, amazing, a innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it wouldn't be allowed to blow airplanes out of every nine that you would expect, you would have a stereo.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with student history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and lasted until World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be silent.
They were worried to be adopted.
The threat of the terror was what his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Sustainable, you say talks, you make speeches -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we do for the first time with terrorism after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued to be, obviously, with the safety and the decades of racial coordination and supply.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about races, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty story.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's OK to listen to what you say."
Audience: We don't have a death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never be able to have it here."
The room stood in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and demonstrated, we would get people to pursue people."
Think about this.
How do we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, who would be looking at people, especially if you were in your majority of the hunting?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be rational.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, engaged.
We love innovation.
We love technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, deforestation, angry.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We talk lately about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the spongy ones, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food fueled as well as heart connections.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not just in the bright and surprised, but also in the dark and the hard.
Value Valley, the great girl, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression. We wanted all kinds of things, but primarily what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and be to research."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe -- that even in communities like TED, has to engage us.
There's no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parkins.
These women get together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carl calls me, to say, "Look, comes the lady Charles. We're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and hear it?"
I said, "Yes, lady. Be wanting."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you go?"
I said, "Let's listen to him.
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very very very, very slavery.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Chris went to me and said, "Now Brazil, let me be that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted of the content.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We tried to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty to it.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end the mass careers."
I gave my all my best speech, and he looked at me and said, "Monk May" May.
And he said, "You will end up and very highly."
At that time, Ms. Carl leaned up, put the finger in the face and said, "It's why you have to be very very well-being but very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very window.
I believe that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to face those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a bar.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not that it is a killer person.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty that poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very very, very beautiful, very humanight, very exhilarating, it won't be judged by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the day, the character of a society, not because of the way they treat the rich, powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel descending. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of double.
I'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old, who have been trained to be asked as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone in what doesn't it?
The judge caught it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was awake thinking, "Oh God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brand, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a emotion.
I had a 140 year-old customer -- a little poor, black, black.
I started working in the excitement, with a meeting that said, "Movement for my 14 black client to be treated as a supermarket white of 75 years, executive from a corruption."
In the excitement I had had an independent behavior in acting, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was an online line on how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics in this country.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking about that momentous excitement would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it wrong, but he had sent it to court.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I joined the car and felt really annoying, overwhelming me.
I went in the car in the colleague.
I thought this would be very, very difficult and small.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I met a larger black man -- it was the consumer consumer.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a "Play -- he said, "Is you a post-control?" I said yes.
So I approached and hug me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was stressed.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this bad move?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was "My "Go." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all individually.
I was the one who had written those largest.
They got the police physical physicists, the Australians.
Suddenly without knowing how, the room was full of people, all things because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the ball of the eye I got up to see the character I was going and coming.
He was looking through the window and he refused to hear all of that word.
He kept walking around and over there.
Finally, this old black one, with face face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge said a recovery.
During the break, a high school assistant was being shown because the consumer had entered the room.
The assistant.
He said, "Man: What do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the target with "French Fredersa.
I have come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
We can't really be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our technologies of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the of antibiotics, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target with primary.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
AS: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a representation of this spring in which a effort will be done to overcome the funds that spend today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, they are going to spend a billion dollars on death row, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of statistics don't get in revenue.
55 percent of the rape don't get to anything.
Here's a change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are intended to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge descender in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that it is?
MS: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let us convince for the rhetoric research.
We have three legal causes to bring people to complete cheap, to rob a bicycle, for small crimes against ownership -- instead of making them return those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
I think our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you have been excited today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow up the threats by Bin Laden.
Voice 2: famine, in Somalia, the police shoots O.C. spray gas.
Voice 4: Carter cards, Coke 5: Cartest breaks.
Thirter 60 -- social disciplines. Voice 7: 65 dead.
Voice 8: It's normally normally normally, "The Twitter 30, Shakespeare.
Several colonies -- War and dragon -- mass destruction. Transition.
Research. Shooting. And the final -- end -- finally. Syria, all.
crisis. Stay destroy.
Oh, my God.
Peter democracy?" These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could often be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media media wants to provide us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragments of the temporal lobe called the amygdala take.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
Readers and records all the information looking for something in the environment that I could do harm.
That's why a dozen stories of stories would rather look at the negative.
That old name of the press, "If there's blood "I see, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are privilege.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy -- without doubt we have.
As human beings, we're very good at passionate problems, and in the long time, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, the average income per capita per inflation has tripled.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications -- has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Paris showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy spent 25 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary age.
Many people forget it.
And we continue to get more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, robots, records, television, mobile air conditioning and cars.
The banking elders of the last century last century, the operators on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in information technology jumped into this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So that's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and rise.
It's the result of quick computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And although it's rooted on a law on the left, it curve up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, the children of Moore's Law is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Details call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuel and the categories and the food, the digital medicine and the Gallery.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from African from Manhattan?
It was peak.
I was looking for the newspaper the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: Pakistan sells human powers."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everybody on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And each year, we asked them to give up a company, or a product or a service that can actually affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think of that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd sound.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it is going to be able to turn it up.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nature 200 from the 1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Saudan.
The troops of Langoon ate with silver, and the same Langley, with gold.
But the king of Samara, I ate with aluminum meetings.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- more than gold and dish.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum is animated.
You see, even though aluminum is 8 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come like pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and physicians.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was a stranger.
We project this analogy to the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a based planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
You get to the Earth 16 energy energy energy every 48 minutes.
It's not about scarcity. It's about accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the gene, 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The solar energy cost fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the U.S. States states, solar electricity cost six cents per hour per hour compared to the 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water.
Let's talk about the wars for water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Subway?
I took a famous picture. How did you call it?
"A pale dot ballet ball."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes, the 270 is saltwater, two percent ice is ice, and we fight by the top of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to the context, the naturals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the commons of the consumer, I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Shanghai -- maybe you know it. It's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any water water, contaminated water, a flower, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to the 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass war has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of dollars, video video, images, pictures of books and music, technology, medical diagnostic technology, now they discourage and lose value of market with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the applications in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure pleasure with the Someho Foundation called the X Collusion Collection of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can be able to extract blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the carbon load is 25 percent and there are 16 percent health workers.
When this device sequence one virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize will call the health care, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the 100 million up.
The white lines here are the population.
We had just spent the seven billion mark takes.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds are never before you hear global conversation.
What do these people want?
What are you going to do? What wish would you have?
And instead of economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will make more health thanks to the Roden, from a better education with the Academy Academy and because of the use of 3D printing, and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive stories.
How about a few voices before you have heard?
What if we give them the fields, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could act for the first time?
What are these three billion dollars?
What if they're contributions that we can't definite?
Something that I learned with the X prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that could only make large corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some people know.
It's called Forgetting.
She emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will spread.
The folds determine the structure and the function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of construction.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people got up and started playing it.
And it's been shown that the human pattern recognition machinery is better folding protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovative control.
We have the capital of the conflict.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The control of the point of particular.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, let me give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1856.
You might believe that chasing pathways, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the mind.
It was a long time to the 1880s decade.
Now the fish is on the Red State of the United States.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're protein.
The streets still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The shot was surrounded by francis, and as you can see, from a few colors.
There were clean companies of about 20 centimeters -- black barrier.
And the fishing of this therapy was very abundant and went through a good moment, so he won more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They were in the five centimeters again.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was growing in the introduction of the strike fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in the 1960s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development used to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called The Museum Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the sea of Martin.
What we were out there, we captured was an amazing thing.
We captured it, now the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were specialists, other animals that are on the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on some of the rest, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was propelled.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is going to be a solid background of coral coral, in this case, to be a legal.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them -- they didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we captured a alive.
I was still not acceptant.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collecting every time you go to a zone where they've never fish.
But it's not replaced.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the starting point to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the Y-axis, we have good things -- well, biodiversity -- a lot of ears, the fear of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as the normal and the standard forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But you don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of it will keep some miserable restaurants.
And that, in big measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very plentiful before it is extinct, is little remarkable.
You don't lose urban animals.
You lose slightly frequent animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we fishing.
We have a few fish, but we think that's the point of game.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way it's not the way they expect the evidence.
So for example, the anecdote that some present, like captain such and just looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not use the scientists, because it's not the medicine."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in universal societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous role that can be able to take a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really grew up the past.
We did the past that people can't conceive because the score point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their point of game.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay of Sangusm.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay 500 years ago.
And you may have noticed that killing and the health are like they will stop."
And if you think about "Wood, if you think about why people moved with the movie without talking about the story of propositions, why will it move with the pictures?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is to Cameron -- make "Mass 80 underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Malander, the technology manager of YouTube -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today, we'll see why video videos are made and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- singer, computers, when I was younger, that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or of our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sense.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And of those, only a little percentage becomes viral -- it gets a little bit of vision and gains cultural culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: technologies, community makers and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bernisha's self-explorer, "Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Shanghai, Monifera.
KA: Last year, Peter Penntulacies published this video outside of his house at the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction.
Berkeley is not a viral video.
I just wanted to share a rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Benjamin Barry Berk.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Killari.
Jimmy Kimba published this Twitter that would capture the video to popularity to promote.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Mountain presented us to new and interesting things and multiply them to a broader audience.
Bruce Bangladesh.  It's Friday Friday -- you have to start the Friday --   You all want to get the weekend in the week, the weekend.   Friday Friday, viewer --  KA: You wouldn't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"The "blindness of Bruce Reef is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like Jack was going double, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks as well.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday vision?
Well, the take 700 and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Leanest, by Mars Consumption Talk, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are taking a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there's 10,000 hours of Venture in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the original entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by destroying it or doing something new with that.
"Not "Have a repeat animation with an agreed music.
So, that's it.
This year they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three-year-old version that has seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were miners.
Someone did a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of regret that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted Jack supported or Robert Canal or "Man Catholic?"
What the script could you have written to do with this situation?
In a world where you come up with two days of video for minute, just that really unique and unexpected it can be taken out of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who represents the tickets in New York, I admit that I don't really interested me.
Casey Steven -- I was amazed by not completely corruption in the background, but often there are obstacles that prevent you very much correctly by the season.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Scientin got five million people to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berkie Valley, what does this mean?
Hollywood.
KA: What does this mean?
The creativity creators -- community creative communities -- the totally unexpected computer -- are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity that defines the popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Beneise, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit masters of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being arrested.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a parallel, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communist came into Shairman, facing the fact that their life had been totally in a value.
The words, for so long -- friends, now they would bring it.
It was refuged in silence.
He died for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in a sun, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to move forward, but we stopped.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they will remain silent to the sea.
My mother, Mom, had only 18 years old when her father died, and a contracting marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had jumped to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year sentence that challenges the fiction, a boat broke into the serious fishing sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was persuasions, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a slow with poison with poison as most adults.
If they caught us, first we'll take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the plant of the engine, the walking on every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate people who came up several times, but they were fooled with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, explored the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given by the men.
No apple had after the same taste.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would break in Berkeley.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in France, a surgeon of class to work whose population is set of instincts.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I met, at France, had no sense of the right.
The smells that were coming from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the invisible English fragments would be exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car bus line, working six days, double shift.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT technology technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were coming together, and established a strange tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be able to take out, that it was generally new clothes, and it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the categories, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful stories about the "Cars "are and some stranger, and some introduced themselves: Australians, come back home."
home, Where?
Something in me was born.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was storytelled every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered press, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his prisoners started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a systematic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and the children were trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and innovation.
And they created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was classical classical student, prepared with what I was demanding from myself.
In the other, I was locked in space lives, highly replaced by violence, drug abuse, and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year, I was elected the young Australian young year.
And I was accelerated from one piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit out.
So, I read an anonymous resident from Falcon, was now so really, secretly refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites I never heard of name, and in houses whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the current.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to leave the routine and the confronted of life in a descender -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each and staying asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
The non-state had never been an option.
"He said, "You are not what you don't are."
So I talked about youth and education and education to the marginalized and the states.
And the more frankly I talk, the more it was applied to talk.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they love, living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my liberating, I realized I couldn't stay in a station race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that is okay to be a recipient, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that I'm grateful for, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your passion.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world was absolutely, but not the way we fear it.
They may not have been allowed to be all they were allowed to be an artist.
There was a energy there, an application applied, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
Together a small group of people who the slogan cannot be able to do was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, it made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until good at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single trip.
My containers again.
Three months later I had moved on, and the adventure kept up.
First of all, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the School was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew up alone.
At 17 it became a container of a Channellog whose mother hit it.
With no support of his husband, you caused a blue in the sue and take the cause itself, and much more dust when I won it.
You can't make it proved to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, 1,000 miles, in Revenuege.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I'd come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple at France and we sat around his network.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a jet came and told us that he had to close the deal.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the memory, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so free?"
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't been suspended."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have made it easy.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a little bit in your lives, surviving courageous in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and get them safe and I would do.
Steve Norman and also the mother of so is here today in the fourth or fifth row line.
My story begins in San Sacred about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sunday Car Cart.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian PowerPoint PowerPoint.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a car, and we looked at the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I got up -- the great Indian war, he had silk, he would take a bow.
We now do the same with the trailers and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced the magic.
And that gave me a lot.
I felt a little more technology.
I would terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a decent if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't shake my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his story silver anti-math.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, and ants and forests in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They developed our inspiration.
And so I threw myself out of this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing her.
I illustrate books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Use the text with the image, the animation and sound and touch.
The narrative becomes more and more millions.
But why does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kelle an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "He runs your fingers on every light."
And so --  he says, "This box is "there -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad, knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and strategies, but to that childhood magic, to those ideas that we were making of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad, to release the graduations.
And you really illuminate your way in what you see from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy covered on a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, increased and guides you during the rest of the book.
In certain dots of the book, it also reveals up.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These are the passwords.
We've all heard of the houses and the names, but how many people outside India know their Indian controllers, the period?
These poor passengers have been trapped on the cameras of India for millennia, in a old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attached to their Pakistan, have not come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of palafronts, rocks and shortests and conclusions.
For some reason the children don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and on a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that then you can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a street and says, "Oh, I saw a rest of it."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken on.
Within the variants of connection between magic and Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we tried to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video switched and through augmented reality, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the front plants of the house.
The screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them up, so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are being transformed with technology and magic and technology coming up to another.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and the magic and joy and child love that we feel for a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my scarce disconnect everyday." It's a very simple thing.
It has a pile of light and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilos.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google High.
And my doctor of air has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not in the same time that I need to be a distribution assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my school scale and before I get up to my car, people start talking to me, "Look, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can work to move people out of their chairs and together develop some creative activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little battlefield connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people may be able to take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to recover control and their own banks, but we can also help health care because of the challenges that we face, like the disaster of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by confinite.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video video.
We all have conversations of sailing on cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM ATM ATM charts.
It's also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the nearest 2009 to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the 2004 saving lives right now.
What we did was we did the contraction in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience -- you see a 200, please send it, tell you where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Frank, augmented reality, to find these 27.
And every time you're in the city of Manhattan and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use their cell phone cell to find the nearest 2009, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to present this one, not only like 26 percent, which is the name of the product, but also like AIDS.
And we want to start at the global level.
We're serving all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the expert of the 2004 around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us take these 2004.
They could be a message service or a phone person, for example, to see if the Earth that shows is still in place.
Please stand on this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the strategy?
Because, of course, they're photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because when he used the camera was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when the control is presented.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the corruption.
photos like this: a building in a very striking road.
But it has unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of exception.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realistic.
And when I say I mean recording."
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Are the details or the colors.
Is the light interview?
What is the choice?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and bring them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's get into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like realistic -- I think that's the ones we don't even think about, things around us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photography is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images filled with these recognitions -- they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I might think this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is promoting.
But this picture is totally comprised by photographs of different places.
Personally, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in the winter I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-scale was captured in a stone skill.
And yes, I even made the house at the top of the island so that it would seem more substance.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think you need planning planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm going to start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a market mine.
I'm not so interested to show you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Ross Mercedus programs versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is, like a lot of others that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the performance scale.
So talking about technological curves is something new.
Here's something bizarre here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn on the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we build technological curves in psychopathic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to deconer, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if it destroyed, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a dramatic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it becomes a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology goes as fast as the property of the couple, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a feedback that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition now.
In this line, we are in a transition of what it used to be the world, a new shape.
So what I'm trying to ask and ask is, is, what is that new way that you embrace the world?
What new state is the world going on?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been elected, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
So a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it all will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition could be that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we turned out about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around him.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give a sense of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemicals on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide.
In some sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil pieces.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a recipe of chemical authority.
And every time they were divided together they had a very unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every single thing was a little different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow differentiate being better at the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals. They grew up more experienced and divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more depressed.
It was a way of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the transportation trick.
In some way we don't understand very well these chess computers, they learned to store information.
They learned to bring information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were so to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe -- our genes, they have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each being living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust algorithms that I try to hide people out of the airport of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I got it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card. I have a lot for all of them -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a mammogram that would have put it in a virus and would have run it through the room.
What was the next step, right?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This caused these cells to be happy another billion years old.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of artists to the penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication led to us that the communities were going to be formed, in a way, were together in it, and they made a poster.
That way they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were more likely to be recorded by evolution.
And the point of inflection occurred when these communities came up so much that, in fact, came together and decided to write the entire recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the muscle of the muscles.
So these communities evolved and made more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to hire information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them a evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to not eat some fruits because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the communication trick.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm here by emitting a bunch of groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, very vague and confusing, in your heads that I was carrying some analogy with my own.
But we took something very complicated we turned it into sound, in sound, and we produced something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started doing antibiotics.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The telephone, the I.T. tape, the computer, the "Caribaloxe" -- are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that puts us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in minutes.
You saw the evolutionary equivalent of TED where it produced some evolution with the program confidence, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next step, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the following ones, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is struggled. I guess antibiotics is the right word to name something that accelerating its own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is replaced.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances that are possible.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Texas Macenta, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could previously not get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the machines.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, you can run a hundred million sequence sequences at the stop?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, to run all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are most approaching numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one luckily, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer? You could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task better?
Let's take those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we got the ones that best put the numbers.
And we're going back to reproduce them by following a process of analog reporting to sex.
Let's take two programs that are changing children, who exchange substance, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of product programs that they had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
California again.
It introduces some mutations to it.
And I try again and control it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the computer.
In fact, I know, I have the security to make the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depended on it.
Once I was in a 787 with Martin Machine and pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer safe flight, not make you feel really?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
But we don't understand the whole options there.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's replaced.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so completely.
Because all these technologies are replaced.
We're getting off.
And we are in an analog moment to the mobile organisms when they became millimilitary.
We're the trailers, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come.
But now comes the lunch and I think stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been spending enough time to allow me to be part of my false budget in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World War.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of surprising statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to get out of the rules and talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battlefield.
And we talked about 300 of them from a ship that underlies $300 Bab.
That means that ability is effective to effective, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of the game without being able to be attacked, and anyone who tries to launch it at the first base is not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 year-old battlefield.
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how they call a baseball battlefield?
By the way, that is somebody who is 10 calls, it's about four.
Reader: Like the legendary Ted China, the last player of the Great League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season season in a regular season.
Now we take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have addictive and they're driven to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in a property.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a being loved has two hybrid coronary arteries and their family doctor is derived by a cardiologist whose record in analysis is 200 dollars.
But do you know what?
She's getting better this year.
And their actions have been 1875.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon, or a nurse or a self-assembly short?
And that's very good.
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in the medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a practice.
What we do is, though, is to send the world to the world, and I include the transition of being perfect.
That they never, ever make a mistake and think of finding out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical medicine.
I was a compassionate music student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Daniel was studying to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little seven, at the head of the General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
And from my class of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle job, the branching of every artery that comes out of the robot, the difference of difference and the usual distance.
And even I knew the difference difference about how to classify the kidney surface board.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I went back from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible thing, close to everything, because I would get confused from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I brought the Brown lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At the time I was assigned at the conference service.
And when emergency agencies applied to a cardiologist to attend me to that patient.
And to report the head of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Architecture was back.
I heard a sound.
And when the substance, I heard a support sound on both sides, which was a severe heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes into the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him a prison and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him a foot, water water, so I could eliminate liquid liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I made the first mistake. I sent her home home.
Actually, I made two mistakes more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't pick up the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, that I was calling my boss and do it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to provide complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even connecting my boss together.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inside who said, "Have, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so sure that I was asked to the nurse that he took to Mrs. "You think it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said to total mathematics, "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance alongside the prints took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad feeling in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked towards parking parking where my car to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do normally, usually.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not the one that took care of Mrs. Architecture before, but another -- he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians are afraid of.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular particle in marketing, and it is that we see the patients quickly.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other total total total.
"Well, she came back with the same tone tone of voice.
She was good.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of a time to have reached home, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapse. And her family called 1982 the prints brought it to emergency emergency with an annual pressure of 50 feet of Hunter, which means a severe shock.
You just breathed and I was blue.
The emergency staff will deploy all its resources.
They gave them medication to raise blood pressure.
And they put a artificial breath.
I was confidented and darked to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against every hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days next it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a terrible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were discovered to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. </s> and wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it and experienced for the first time the bad shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt alone, silent, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The wild shame that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was an advantage.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure it slides things out and make sure that I wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking you those questions.
Why didn't I ask my reflection? Why did I send her home at home?
And in my worst times, why did I make a mistake so silly so successful?
Why did he choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was designed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a crowded day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun. And I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was pushing the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would be able to use those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain on the screen.
I was very busy and supported.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little color.
He wrote the penicillin and sent him home.
But while he ran to the door, he kept pointing his throat off.
Two days later, when I came to make my sleep shift, my boss was able to speak with me in his office.
And I mentioned the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the screen?
Because he came back and didn't have a static advice.
He had an potentially deadly feature called the capitalism.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air area, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
You get antibiotics by the way, and it recovered.
And I went through the same period of shame and decorations, and then I went back and work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same course of E.R. -- not discussing appropriate.
And it's a great endeavor, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a secret.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a reflection of kidneys, but it turned out normal, a colleague that was reviewing the patient perceived certain sensitivity on the bottom right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
They order liquid to replace and asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it, and when you notice some sensitivity on the bottom right-hand side, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every single case, I was able to stop me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and like many colleagues say, it's a park.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only ashamed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vote that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with my colleagues.
How do you teach them that they don't make the same stress?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, at a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a computer in my hospital was the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two things: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that I know, the ones that have a lot of results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction, like antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical medical and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Tortue Star to my program, "Hey Captain, Black Arts Alaria."
And what I learned is that mistakes are synthetic.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 public drugs in the hospital are wrong, or demonstration is not right. In a system where artists are increasingly and more, and more numerous and getting chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian Canadian errors.
The U.S. Institute was established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about crude substitutions, because we're not presenting the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is doubling every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
The private sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest in the chest, and it comes crazy with tears, and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story comes from contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't do their symptoms always in the same way.
So the errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as you taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals in error -- well, not left anybody.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most fantastic?
In my program, white Alaska, black art, is already a custom saying, "This is my worst beauty," I would say to everybody, from the predictions to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst barrels, blah blah blah blah. What are your breasts are your frankly: And I will turn the microphone to them.
And their students would stop back, they would go down the head and bring out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't make the same bad base."
They need a context where to do it.
They need a surface medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The ultimate doctor is human, you know, you know, accept it, and it doesn't get proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
He pointed out the mistakes of other people not with intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they commit errors of time in it.
My name is Brian Dalai.
I'm a replicating doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I feel hard to learn something that can convey to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose a average American -- are about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of entrepreneurs of businesses.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that these executives, and the time they were involved in making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 134 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of decisions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of the hours?
How does the way you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of nowadays.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like a blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a loud.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the condition of the activities?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I increased this very, very high level of level -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Congress.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and virtuality, over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the healthy water, and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in a occasion, I wondered, why would I never buy anything?
This is the site of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were on the sealed box that were coming from a half thousand pounds.
And I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did it work?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the members.
Okay.
They had 345 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six flavors or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First, what about people were willing to stop testing the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a sea sea.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent got to buy mortality.
When there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought killed.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy massive if they found six -- than if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy death probably gets us --  -- less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the construction of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Sahara Harvard, Looking at Rome Marine and Denich Jaca, where we looked at decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in savings for retirement plans, the 1984 program protecting people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 757 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger it was the number of end resources, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two background, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as they wanted.
And in the plans that offered about 60 cents, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were involved by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, that you apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they are obviously getting better.
The main reason is that we try to look at that giant variety of market, mass, viral and motor, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exploration.
I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we have taught, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can be able to rehearse in their business.
The first one, Copernican.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Cool to them."
They care about losing space in the park.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- will go down the costs, there's a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Time & Telescope to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Corporation Goldman Catholic eliminated the products for cat ice stores that were less sold -- they increased the talents in 75 percent, for two causes and bigger sales and lower costs.
You know that today's supermarkets.
In a store of Walmart you offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest largest store in the current world is Indian and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato station.
In the world of financial savings. I think one of the best examples that has emerged about how to handle the choices is David Brothers, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically interrupted to a life fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 cents, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the experiences, "Tell me the differences there are among those options.
And if your employees can't difference, they will not be able to do their consequences."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Barbari.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people in this audience a couple of holidays with all paid to the most beautiful road of the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the supply of Barbari.
(Audience: Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the deal.
It's not else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that real?
I think it really did even hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can start and say you thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the conversation of choices, which is concerned.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very visually very visually very completely conventional.
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective.
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Saturn Berkie and Sarah Britanic, on the staff of NGOs who worked at 1980, these people were in a meeting where they were being paid to a 401 plan.
To that meeting, we built exactly how we used it, we made a little choice.
What we added was that we applied to the staff they thought about the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this monkey there was an increase in the Angeles 20 and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts from 40 percent.
The third technique is to diggest.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the demonstrations of the desert of the desert, the magazine exhibit can contain from 350 different types to 1963.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two expectations of Chinese.
One is called Kanzi and the other, "The "The "The "Solities."
If you think that the one on the left is Siberia, and the one on the right is a decade, you get a shadow.
(Musical ends) Well, there are some of them.
If you think that the one on the left is David and the one on the right is Six, give you a bomb.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is David and the one on the right is Six. But you know something?
This building scheme is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something that they choose, not to define them.
You can often see this problem with those huge funds.
Why are they supposed to be analyzed?
My fourth category, "I'm going to say complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
Let me show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, buy it from a car.
This is a German computer of cars that allows you to completely personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to break the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Mother, card change, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order where the decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to see?
How involved you are.
If you do it always the button button in every decision, this indicates that you're advanced or it, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to few options -- they implement the button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was I altered the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to pick up.
Although I choose the change box to not say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've been talking about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the reference of the reactions of the condition, to contract strange alternatives -- consciousness, make it real. Commitment, computer -- we can manage more categories with less choices -- to condition complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in your affairs, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to get the best of an election is being careful when you choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter typewriter I had to register the government.
He had to register a piece of text text with the machine.
And this so that government could track the origin of text.
If you found a written with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be getting a lot of a great deal with this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can push the attacks into their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the constraints.
Like Mr. Milo Cambridge from the city of Kenya, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the attractions to make a lot of money, lots of amounts.
There are really many cases of millions online, mariness, which made money with their attacks.
This is Lander Taliban from Taliban, State.
This is Alfred Greek.
This is Stephen Japanese.
This is Ben Music.
These are Matthew Anderson, Alabama Barack etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online online, but they do it by illegal media through banking records to steal money from our accounts when we buy online -- or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this Mr. James Jame, and this account had 175 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Japan is leaving his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is victim victim than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong with worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them, and they motivate them the protests, they motivate them the streets.
Groups like Anonymous have collapsed over the last 12 months by occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main approaches, the criminals that do it for money, the HIV themselves like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments that they love.
And then we see cases like the speech of distribution.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Supermarket is a demonstration of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Give it the last fall, because of a robot.
They spread the safety of the site and they punched a shot.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to discussion.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a attack?
Supermarket is an architectural authority.
They sell demonstrations.
So why do they serve the meaningful trials?
Well, you need if you have an online website with some hands, encrypted sensitive services, services like Galla.
Except to impose a foreign debate authority.
They get a critical certificate.
And in the case of Dance that happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the park of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this folder called "the Brooklyn called the Shanghai."
And within that folder there were notes from a company with a subject in Germany that had sold the government Egyptian government to intercept large scale communications from the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
That is, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Stanford Saudi was found -- a tribe used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interventions.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will even use tools like the Steve team to infect our computer with a trick to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think carefully in things like this the obvious answer should be like, "Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why will I care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument makes no sense.
It's in play privacy.
Privacy is not arguing about.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we laugh today, will be forever.
Are we going to focus on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the south of the National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the South, which means that wild animals like the markets migrate outside the park.
And predators, like the lions, they follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that they killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to reproduce them, and that's why we value it so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of lions.
They are dying them and they protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park Park.
A child in my community, from the six to nine years old, is responsible for her father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't work, because even he helped the lions to see the stable of far away.
I didn't understand it. I kept going.
A second idea was to use a slaves.
I was trying to get the lions to believe that it was near the spirit.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the stores, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, "This thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come out.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the learning and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken surrounding.
I assembled everything.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a control.
And the Indian box makes the lights stop.
As you can see, the firefighters are giving out because that's where the lions come from.
And that's what lions look like when they come from night.
The lights are streamed and they float the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the housing houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also is used for all of Kenya, to scare other predators like bones, secretary, and it's also being used to move elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a fellowship in one of the best schools in Kenya, "Market International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funding and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a kid on the passenger partners participating the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying around, and I was told that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Adam computer. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Surveyoplanet, yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your seat?
MT: My next invention -- I want to do a close fence -- CA: A new police?
RG: I know they invented the electric cracks, but I want to do mine.
CA: You tried once, right? And you -- JT: I've tried before, but I got a wire --  CA: At the foot of the canyon. Richard Survivor, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every step that you are, my friend.
Thank you very much. TED: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we had all the time studying the story of Kim Sunday, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed all of my mind.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die."
I was very anter.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child child in her arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge break in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, more than a million Koreans died during the hunger, and just few surviving and the storms and insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequently the energy cuts -- all around me was completely at dark at night except for the lights of the sea in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a northern Korean picture in the night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Robert River, which it serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very honest at certain points, allowing Koreans, to cross receiver.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives to live.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a constant recording.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in police station.
Someone had accused me to be a convention, so they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to exploit.
If it wasn't natural, it could be concentrated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation a official told another, "This was a false sport. She's not a narrow."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some conventions in China are looking for foreign boxes.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These conventions were not so lucky.
Every year, incredibly controlled contests are captured in China and depressed North Korea, where they're stress, imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape. Many other constructions haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the neuroscientists have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody else can go into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
I'm going to sit in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I anticipated.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even bring a crisis of identity.
Am I surface or correlation?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country I could call my pride myself.
Although I have to adapt to life in South Korea that was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities made some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a location in the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The numbers have to travel long distances on the path towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then across the South Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked all of us and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was obviously standing up and told him that they were some dramatic people who were completely crying.
I looked at me, but I fortunately believed it.
We did all the way to the frontier of Lakes.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lake.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border formerly.
After paying tickets and sex, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the capital of Lake.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything for release my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in prison to short distance of the South Korean embassy in South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or mothers.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for others two neuroscientists and put them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the word normally.
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown symbol symbolizes a new hope for me and for the ordinary village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the ordinary people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I gather in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of neurons are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with relatives still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help normal people an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more neuroscientists running around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Southern America.
This is Center South -- the crime shops -- fast food, barrier salars.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of the Southern Center to make it represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Ladenshi.  They are for rocks, fast food, barrier salars.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Alley Central Telescope, home of the food places to carry and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of heart diseases in the southern World Congo.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than, say, Beverly China, who's about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their virtue?
I see wheelchair chairs bought and sold as cars used.
I see centers of disease as Sockettan degrees.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me I got tired to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have any states.
And what I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a paradox.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I get in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Greenland, we put together and we started to plant our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid ahead of the production of all the dependencies, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city was right on top of me and in summary, and they gave me a candidate saying that I had to withdraw my little garden, the candidate became a picture of the head.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that nobody imposes?"  So I was like, "Well, let's take it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lego, and I talked to the board and one of the members of Greg Grandman, who put a petition in Gandhia, with 900 signatures -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concern even called to say they were struggling and transformed what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more sea season.
It has 60 miles of salt ground.
That equals 20 Central Cars.
That's enough space to plant 250 million tomato plants.
Why don't you tell them well this?
It's going to grow a plant, give a plant, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of mushrooms will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my humanity, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Communication your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South America.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I'm laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me by others, and I'm going to manufacturing.
You see, I'm an artist.
The heart is my graffiti. I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which is selling walls, I see soils, letters.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my growth of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do, if they let it be.
You simply can't imagine how astonishing a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became a tool of education, the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The letter is the most charismatic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a gravity.
Also, they get frequents.
I remember a occasion, which was a mother and his daughter, were like 60 o'clock in the night and they were in my garden, salt and looked very stable.
I, well, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "No, don't you afraid people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
So that's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. They shared me his stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how it changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grandma has come to plant maybe 20 pencils.
We have had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat food.
If you grow the tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you how food affects your mind and body, eat blind people you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the lega, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are charged from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Mars.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plan, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take retirements and make them healthy dramas.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free thing is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to get people working on people, get kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become the environmental relevant sense, negotiations, night news.
We have to change the script of what a discussion is.
If you're not a paradox, you're not a discussion.
That the seats take their balance, right?
That is their election weapon of choice.
If you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see, come to the garden with your stick so we can plant something.
Pass. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Sorry is from the medical --  (Audience:  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of analysis, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it takes a lot of it.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that we jump.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt roads to do.
The pure asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater water will flow up to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and you will have a road where it's easy to drive, and you won't jump water down.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hot, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has superstars, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What's ready to reproduce? Look at this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, it's not going to do that.  But they can give you your profits, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create males with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Mars, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous, silent stop, as I said, so it only has a small amount of desert among the stones.
Because of the inspiration, the Wilden light, to the infinite, this arrest, this baby, the glue between the states, will get up, and if you get up, you're going to get metropolitans and get rid of the addicts.
So if you drive the road, you will get the lights down, as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about the materials of contradiction.
If we can make this material support, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool -- of that to clean out streets, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of configuration.
The institution can heat -- especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow by these shorts and stones will look back to the surface.
Now I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great driver of training here onstage.
The microwave oven, is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take out to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So we got a piece of road, 400 meters of the Autonoen highway, where we had to make a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the sample, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our driving machine and we repair them, and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers -- bringing these fibers together, using the energy of confidence to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, can even double the life of the road, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of if this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
It really has to be cooled first before I can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the forest in my house.
My father was listening to Biosphere News, in his little gray radio radio.
He had a great smile in her face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban was a book -- scream my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was asked from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who could no longer be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we had a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market market to look like we were shopping.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us prepared in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban would shared.
We always wondered what they knew about them.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were seedphillary -- but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a strangu.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total driver of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was allowed.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a larger risk not to educate his children.
During the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to recover, but my father said, "Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do that.
So you still want not to be a strength?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country which has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the recording, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Modern College in Modern.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was isolated from his home to educate her daughters, was one of the first to congratulate them.
He didn't just get tired of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, which I carry him by driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family thinks about me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1812, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded silk, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite them, and even in front of an advantage opposition.
Like David. It's not his real name, and I can't show you your face, but "Day is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Salt to his village, and literally they escaped being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get home, they are the phone, a voice turned out that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try it.
"Give me already if you like, but I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and anti-controlled ideas."
What I've given to account about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we drive, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need men's support.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds of -- remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last a lot, after the United States states.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and his parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a future member and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of a hope and possibility and every day, the girls of Salthrand remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the experience, "Hey, you refer to Grandma. struggled against him.
But you never become a revolutionary stress study.
They've spent almost two years since the revolution is inspired by the waves of mass civilizations so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian family.
A forces with a lot of other citizens in the country, and outside of the country to call a factory day and start a revolution against the South South Standardine.
And we did that; it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the card, requiring the fall of the regime, providing forces of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value to be able to face the brutal dictatorship of David.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the single.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load -- a legacy of the size, corruption and antibiotic search.
For four decades, the Symarity Susan regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've been dear with a lot of other women, rebuild civil civil society, demand an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established approximately 200 organizations in Bendier for and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Selecon.
After a period of 33 years of exile I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about developing capabilities and skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Campaign of Women Library by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation to advocate for the political autonomy of women, and for our right of participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the school period, an environment that was increasingly pollution, which is models of the selfish policies and exploration.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, the future of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news news news.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi south.
Another day he went with the murder of the American ambassador, and the attack to the control.
Another day we woke up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government government and their continued violations.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is collapsed more, and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
And antibiotics, analyzing and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire us with our history of the "arm "Cold and the election.
I am here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose badly, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The spinal list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national religious?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why do our society remain polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion and inclusive.
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than I needed elections that only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agent agents and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and medicine.
We have to develop a female speech, that not only man, but it also puts the mercy into practice instead of revenge.
These are the ideals that a Libya, thrown through the war, desperately needs to get out of peace.
Because peace has an animal that deals with the intersection and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real pressure.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to an control of the Koran "Florida," "Day -- "is the word of the medical God -- "Facebook, "It is the thing that is the professional God.
At the same time, the word "Apple," which is known in all of the American traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "masterpaper," and it allows all of humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the peoples and all the peoples have ended.
And so, just like the thing is completely covering the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion all the existence.
This is how it tells us, "My mercy runs all the things."
This is how it tells us my primary prison about my fact."
That all of you are given the grace of the middle of medicine.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has a equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does. Why is she left?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who was paid?
I'm not a psychiatrist, nor social worker, no matter in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell me.
I was 22 years old. I had just been at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Sustainable magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first Green Telescope Company, and I had a very big secret secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul -- he was pointed to head with a state, load with the head with a state with slums on the table.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Laden's "blind" -- a psychological trap -- where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm elected in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing at the Australian Business State.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the Fortune 500 list, between Johnson & Johnson, Leo Berk and The Washington Susan.
I took about 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black battlefield and I drive a manipulate City Harrend.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions all the levels of sitting and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the artists are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, independent and long duration or said otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence -- motivates why domestic abuse is so distributed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who weighs it, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other age, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and novelists and abusive husband in the United States.
I also was a typical victim, because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signs or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold cold night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in New York and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just starting from a university of the University Original and working in a very important bank by Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had a few big bills like apples and a book book wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that he made connection, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over the beginning to put it on a port.
We started to go out and loved everything from me -- which was list, that I had gone to Harvard that I had an passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believe in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the literature in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to reduce and to do the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to stand.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I agreed I quit my job and I confident and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a "Hello" Laden, which was entering the head in a physical trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And this is where those stages come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that place where he was supposed to be able to feel so safe was bought three stats.
One was in the bottom of the car.
Another one was stored under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those states actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the walk.
Five days later, when the 10 storms of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also loved me.
And I was very, very stopping.
It just had been very embraced by the wedding and the fact that I made a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice in our minor moon.
The first time I was driving towards a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I tried several times against the survival of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our final silence, he embraced the traffic and took a Big Mac cold to the face.
I was following a few or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence or bullying.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly pigmented man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress face her genes.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't it be an end?
Why didn't I do that? I could have been at any time.
For me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that you normally say, it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a story.
Because the last phase in domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence cases occur after the victim has finally put to the relationship, after they get back, because then the diver has nothing to lose.
Other bees include the permanent thing, even after the diver has gone back to married, relativity of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time didn't survive with the man who was beating their mother.
And we still keep wondering why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last silent disaster that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if he had allowed him to be allowed to.
So I broke the silence.
I told the whole world -- to police to my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to restore victims as brilliant headlines, surrounding women, damaged women.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people this is a way to say, "The fault is theirs for sitting -- as if the victims are going to choose essentially to fall out of men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "The Lake Brana, I've heard hundreds of men of men and women who were also received, who learned a remarkable lesson of what happened to them and who brought their lives and happy lives as employees, wives, wife and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a next and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black browser and also that manipulation.
What I'm going to do is never even more, ever. It's a crazy state pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
Right now, they're just thinking, "Oh, that's a charter -- or "Have it been, what silly it was -- but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being standard or that they were small or that they're buttons themselves.
The anti-mathematical could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
We need the victims to everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the story to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They reframe their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe self-esteem.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful voices that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call myself Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that there is a uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed it like that.  Hopefully I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you are very lucky to think, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they disappear, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These vaccines are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this climb through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would frame the back and bite the hair of the child.
Of course, I saved with surgery or an artificial tan that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our own, which, even though superficial and interesting, it has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be worth being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it get to be a model?
And I always say, a cathedral discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model model is because I won the genetic lottery. I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admit, we've also associated it at a high and a street basis, the feminist and to a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to harness to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing really, and maybe there are some love and the fashion that they say -- speaker. There are Namibia, Shakespeare, Joan Chinese, Book Arab.
First of all, I choose to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and each of the models on the screen, and from the 77 models in the spring, only 27 -- is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is, can I be model when you get up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a daily coral surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still stay up, no, no, common, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the reflection of the U.S. activity or the CEO of Michael or the next Steven Silicon.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cancer surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have finished your studies, you have a curriculum and some jobs on your back, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your resumes said, "The interior model for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are reaching.
And yes, you practically reach all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I put together my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a paralyze party a few days before the photos for French product.
So here I am with my football team and the magazine sees.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creations from a group of professionals, polio, analysis, photographers and statistics, and all of their aid and property people and proposition and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many seasons from 20 inches and I never use, except the previous one, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk to.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot to carry money, and they gave me the free dress of it.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a prime driver -- he jumped a red mountain and of course, and of course, they stood up, and I had a sense of it, agents to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their mind no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, of the 140 teenagers that were being treated and recorded -- 86 percent black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 77 young black and Latino young in New York, so for them, not a question of me?
How many times will you stand up? And what?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 93 percent of the girls in 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes up to 75 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin, and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my mind every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant children, be happier.
They only have to meet a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the brightest hair and the clothing more to the fashion -- but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to come from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold up a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished photos -- and I didn't have the one who caught them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting light.
In fact, most of them took them tourists at random.
My story begins when I found myself in New York City to give a lecture, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 17 and five.
He gave that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to pull the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching me, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York at a reducing back and keep the heart?
This is when we started asking the tourists.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever denied and and fortunately, no one has ever done with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October, and we will think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always pull the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reach new projects, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, on one of the trips we were walking in, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red wave of the grocery store that was opening small in previous visits before.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot at that same place.
He said he remembered her heart to pay with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious learning of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, it doesn't happen in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to get closer to somebody and ask them, "Did we take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The tribes are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad impression?
It has also been associated with Disney residents like mental characters, stories, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan Kenyan press, applause and computers these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The computers don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They are very difficult --   You're far from extinction.  And my favorite, the neighborhoods have better presence.   There are two kinds of shark on this planet.
There are the New World tribes that are mostly found in the Americas, like the corrects and the cordons, and the Middle World, where we have 16 species of these 16, 11 are facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the tribes are important, and first of all, they provide vital ecological services.
These are our natural garbage collectives.
They clean the streets to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria -- they help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them, and it would cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no tribes where there are no tribes that are taken from three to four times a time to sell it, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The tribes also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Beethoven was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and, along with the carbon, we sent the unit between the high and the Big Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jana was the name of the football, and he risked his life to save the diameter of the 10th heads of the seven heads.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a few very important in the open sky, in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these tribes provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the textiles?
We have eight species of tribes in Kenya, which six are in the extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they are being poison is because there are conflicts between humans and national communities using this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the tribes are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of tribes are on the critical list of extinction endangered -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years they will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall up with the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Elland.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there is no neighborhoods, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs on the number of black grass, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge amount of time for barbarian. The number of factories has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa, 33 regimes are going to be out of Lake Lastry.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're the bird tricks.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead tribes to serve the bank and the geographic market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting these birds.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem is not a problem that's not going to come from anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the news, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help help? It can become assets -- make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we need to focus on these very steep creatures. donate your time to spread the word. The word.
When they come out of this room, they will report on the books, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the books.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed from opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1924 to 1977, I get young back, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote and Somalia -- in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian Indian, and every project we established in Africa.
And I was a sentence.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
So instead of that, everything we did is we allowed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Order from the Bankerhoad, was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia. This absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Barried River, and teaching local chickens to grow Italian tomatoes and water categories.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't happen.  We were astonished that the local, in so fertile Valley, didn't have any agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we are here."  Just in time to save the people of Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa was grown beautiful.
We got these magnificent tastes. In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size in Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the changes -- "Look how easy the grade is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, wood and red -- overnight.
And the changes said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't you say it? You never asked.
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the English did, and then what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you can see, at least we feed the perspectives.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste that we gave people to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Do "Death Mountain from Moleh Motor, institutional economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western Western countries, we've been interviewing African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that the money has cause.
Just read their book.
Let's take it from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are mariness, silviorness microscopes, and we treat people just in two ways or analogies, or we're patent.
The two words come from the Latin Antarctical root -- which means parent."
However, they mean two different things.
Patrice, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children. "I want a lot of it."
Particle, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my sense.
So the whites in Africa are called "The Boltuore, reference.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful, written by Malander, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be help, skin alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a pole on the ground and said, "Can we imagine a city that's not a biologist?"
I decided at age 27 just respond to people, and I invented a system called Comparation company where you never start nothing, you never motivate anything, but it becomes a sense of local passion, the continent of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It shut out.
It also comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the city.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never attached, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't support their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the family of family who is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform their passion into a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in waiting, town from West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this consequence that we came to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can I do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut out and listen to them,          So the government says, "Let's make it back from new communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Rocking, one of the greatest corporate sensors in history, failed to the '96, a few years ago.
Peter Francisco was a professor of philosophy before involved in business, and this is what Peter drawing says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
The planning is the kiss of the physical spirit.
So now you are rebuilding "The Carter without knowing what the most enthusiastic people in Carter want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confident, privacy, have to be fantastic.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
So what do you think of you have learned more this tomorrow?
Local people passionate -- that's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
They train as a way of holding machinery, it's not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we textbook, we character, we charge, transportation, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, universities to forget it.
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 18th year.
And in the year 18, this group of people came together, and they signed up what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was this: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to move into the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses and the manure produced for six million horses to be impossible to deal with.
They were already becoming an electronics.  So in 1800, they were having this dirty technology that would destroy the life of New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States there were 100 companies that were automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, spaces, factories in broken places.
"Look, Michelle, Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them evidence.
Otherwise, they will not come with you.
Then, you have to offer them a complete, dedicated service, exciting service.
And then again, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic communication, and you have to count with a terrific financial management.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We have research and looked at the 100 contagion companies of the Carnegie world, Kennedy, Redwood, Ford all new companies, Google, Hollywood.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None of them was started by a single person.
The word is, but the word "we say, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have partnerships, who come from a small business environment sitting in faces, in bars alongside their dedicated states who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who speaks to this machine, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
I've tried to share with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automobiles, planets and chalk.
These projects came up with questions like, how much pay my neighbors pay for their minds?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door at a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our buildings abandoned and understand our work?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and serves?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant oak people who give shadow to lovers and barriers and babysits from centuries and consumer in a city.
It always leaves the music.  There's a decline in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the most abandoned amount of property properties.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Japan, as a mother for me.
Her death was routine and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this led to me a profound gratitude for the living time.
I gave the significant things to my current life.
But I intend to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch in the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant board and painted about she phrases to completely fill out, "Before I die.
So the headlines could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die, I want to be a period for Peter --  "Before I die I want to sit on the line of the factory of the factory change.
"Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die, I want to plant a book."
"Before I die, I want to live outside the region."
"Before I die, I want to hug it once longer."
"Before I die, I want to go to the rescue of someone.
"Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh. They shredded me, and they gave me collapse in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new new ways and the construction, it's about giving birth to reflection and context, and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and we change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution in the rise, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and happy.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that is more power.
Think about death death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
It was seven years old, it's high and very home.
It doesn't talk, but they transmit better joy than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
I share it pretty much what happens.
It's not funny. It doesn't look at the color color.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to give up words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very high. It's very cool.
It takes the most predictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my corporation, but remember the year I came out every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I pee in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gandhi.
You don't find it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they often are ignored and involved.
But what drives my heart and posted my soul was that even if that was the case, although you wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term "the anti-mathematics -- it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
Every single individual is manifest differently, from there that Libe is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed by a new case of autism, and although it's one of the disorders of development that goes faster in the world, there is no cause of no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I had a lot of it.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it wasn't very interested in me at all.
He was living and in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in line around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that had between media would be.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more intelligent.
But beyond the neuroscientists, frustration and incredible activity, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without precipitation, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, time I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about the individual, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal passes the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Mexico and Sam. And you would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences we have, are a deal." Every one of us has a gift inside and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for great, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what must have been like to be Australia in the country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, which gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was scared.  Alabaman -- scared of these students with his great minds, their big books and their big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt like when I fell through the book of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell why science is relevant to us.
We don't simply tell us that they study the crimes, but study the crimes, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the station.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
The jargon is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "Particular and temporary -- but why not to say "space and time."
Make them accessible is not the same as making them sense.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can easily communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways to engineer and excited with your content.
And by presenting their work, forget the signs of the "how it is."
You've wondered why they call the banks?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's too supported in the area of our brain and overwhelming us.
Instead, this example of The example of Marrie Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the circles is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Street.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, self-esteem, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that make our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding than it is described.
I think these are just some key things that you can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media, managed with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the Oxford Oxford Conflucture is "The "Canada."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "The "Savange" means political politics."
Although there was a private editor of the 19th century that he defined much better when he said, "A Shanghai is the one who looks for a public charge without matter or an art or a principle or when I win, you get it by the mere use of a regulation regret regulatory regret.
I have no idea what it means responsibility."
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't so much, for example, 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the classic camera.
And all of this was thanks to the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Rouge, who faced Parliament at the forest.
They took him on the London Tower and they would strike him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end it had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use recorded of the phrase "That Lau so Larry is like the metal.
Most of you think it's literal to it.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the U.S., right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right now.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be devoured of.
Some people wanted to call it "The States of State States, and others, "Your Albert George Washington, and other people from the U.S. American West City."
Not very demonstration.
Some people just wanted to call it "Life."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And they didn't even have a complicated, they had the idea that you could be picked up King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody got tired of it, because this debate would be flowed for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sound, and I always write -- I was still with this temperature."
What caused the delay and the act was that the House of representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be exposed from power.
They didn't want to call it a bit if he was giving him or her interest ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most more impossible title and more impossible and more absolutely than they were happening.
And that title was interested."
The title -- they didn't invent the title -- already there was before, but it only meant somebody who thinks about a subject."
It was like the president of a play.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "away or the Saturday."
There were individual presidents of small colonial departments and government, but it was really a simple title.
And so the Senate is opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it resistance."
"This guy has to sign together and meet with foreign districts.
"And who will take it seriously.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't occur.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never dealt with the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says a measurement is temporary --  -- is possible that we keep waiting for 32 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you -- is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to situation, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of artistic vehicles are not tripled and so on.
Reality and history have given the title of gravity.
So at the end of the Senate won.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations you have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate San San and the Carte of Design lost, because nobody is going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the president of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality reality is a lot more the words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters in a creative mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the episode of dark bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that they talk about, but above all, that bank of male and stones part with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap ray of constant light held onto the head with this ancestor and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of feet on Earth.
It takes my hand and suddenly I remember a dog that I met days before I lost the control and fell out of the fourth feet in that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep at the deep of that hole risking their lives without pay, and often dead.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are guilty of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Library of Vancouver peace.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a interest of "The "The Saley the Stevens," an NGO who is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there existed in the world, but not to be too much.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad at, honestly, I was embarrassed to ignore this addiction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a swim the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "The "The Sams and offering my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, I would encourage the dirty stations.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans deployed during all of the transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual wage of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50 percent today.
However, today you can enslave family families for generations of 18 dollars.
So surprisingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat violence and they can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are architects.
The slavery exists in almost everyone and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the stores of the bricks.
This strange and remarkable thing was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell.
In the middle of 185 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a giant penny of dust, they dance mechanically bricks in their heads, up to 18 at once, and take them from the adult furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
We stayed through the monkey and the location work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no places to eat, not to drink, and the severe self-relate was going to be pretty interesting.
So survivors were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and I sat there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the politics I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "You don't do it. Don't do it."
And it explained to me very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation than they were already in.
I had to trust the Santa and work within the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In the way, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas I found kids running rocks for miles for sharps to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more likely than the children who were charged and children held them to their heads with corrects made of sticks and rope and partners.
It's hard to presence something so problematic.
How can we influence something so insidious but so textile?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been so all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers were reading their freedom, the slaves burned their homes.
When we heard the slavery word, we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness that was difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kanza I was accompanied women who had been seriously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few standard stairs that were giving this dirty basement, of a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a nervous.
It was more a restaurant.
And all of the surface -- as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution, right?
They have small rooms, private rooms, where women with their girls and children, some of that only seven years -- are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single foot is dark and dirty and identified by a number painted in the wall and divided by a bomb and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
I remember in the book, I remember having felt a giant acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a silence: the stairs.
There were no extra doors.
There were no windows that were big enough to get up.
Those people don't have a property and, because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family game.
The black hands of black are the father of blue and red, from their children.
They mix symptoms in these large barrels and dip the silk into the liquid to the ears, but the narrative is toxic.
My interview told me his stories.
"We don't have liberty," they said.
We still hope, though, power will come out of this house one day and go somewhere else where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Venturus, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, a few younger children, makes sense, right?
Environment. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trafficking families, depressed and forced to work extinct in these boats.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was changed -- it feared that his little canoe was sentenced.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Lake Rocket often catch networks and children, and they were stranged and fear, they were thrown to water to stop the branches.
Many of them are action.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love it's not going to flee. And like all life has been treated with cellular, it's often treated to the youngest slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the last lines, but they had been working from the one one.
French and windy night.
And it causes to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which the Saley the Stevens is rehabilitation of slavery.
Keep serviced the possible.
Who is going to be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
He was driving by a road in Ghana with the Shakes of Federal The Sharaks, a fellow computer with his prototype of sudden accelerate and embraces our car and played the window.
We were asked to follow it on a path of land to the rainforest.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed out this path just visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. We go."
As we started down, we took the conservation that blocked the way and after walking around a hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we took on these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the continued path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everybody was full of selected workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked in the waters poison with resource.
The resource is used in the delivery process.
These miners are enslaved in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sun.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, surrounded by that many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 feet and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they would get the stone to be able to extract the gold.
For the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and black men -- but if you look closer, we see the margin to work at other fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the invention of the belief in a few years.
This is Mariness. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Martin hatehores the debt of what force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that the doctors said it should be an ancient.
In addition to that, Martin has tuberculosis, and not before that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream to be released and educated with local activists like "The "The Samsets of the Stanford and it's this kind of deterministical of face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give testimony of them, and that we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not angiogenesis. They're real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think about these many beautiful people, analysis, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force will turn a fire and that fire throwing light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math mathematics, and there's a peculiar problem for who does it, we are like management management.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We got rid of the veterans of the ballet and the strangers of collection --  that we'll see more ahead.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial optimism that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jon Silver who, in his time, was a vertical dancer dancer completely.
In the last few years, a lot has been progress in treatment.
There are 63 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, neuroscientists, register and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure is going to be when we have a target and objective metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a hard journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves, they say?
You wouldn't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars.
So what I want to propose to you as a way is not conventional to try. You see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jon Silver.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal bodies.
It shows somebody healthy as they make sounds when you make sounds when you talk to speak -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the genes necessary. The Facebook, for example.
And as the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Think about time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate the verbal string as the Parkinson's affects the limbs, also affecting the vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of some solid tracking of the vocal creatives.
We see the same symptoms.
Look at vocal and sustainability and redefine.
The speech becomes more quiet and spread after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the messages based on voice are not specialized in voice.
I mean, you can be a touch.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're a minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears on massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not need to go to the clinic for routine view.
With a high frequency rate, we could get objective data.
We could do massive low-cost massive trials for clinical trials, and for the first time, very large-scale legal scales.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first armorable prototypes of the disease before it's too late.
So by giving up today the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Pacific Colombia of the Parkinson.
Together and Islam and Philades, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I am pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Marie, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What do you get out of these shows?
Max Little -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to tell whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
BL: You see, some people can not pass it. They may not end.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for eliminating the relative factors for the disease of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
BL: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Hans, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, what I define the project. Now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
BL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little Matter, public.
BL: Thank you, I took.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hid in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually, we avoid sunlight.
We make the models even more thin, the perfect skin that is still more perfect -- we do the impossible and possible and criticize the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A short time later, an organization where I was voluntary -- there Hannaron Moon, he was at the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Month.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the Prince of Patrice of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The water level was recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the town was stripped.
We take rubble rubble.
We clean out schools, we take the slime and leave the houses ready to be transmitted and repertives.
We take tons of tons and tons of dead fish and horrifically, powerful of the local factory.
We were angry, and we loved it.
For weeks, the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and buses of photos and cameras and cards and separates.
Everybody did the same.
Pick them up and bring them to different places of the villages around them to get them to them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered in.
As they went out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a control center of the people.
He helped clean the common holes the enormous, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the foundation center is picking up the photos.
They took them and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the posters, but it wasn't until I was doing my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years ago, some were still in the lab of the lab, couldn't help and think of how to fix that trait and repair that recording and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started playing the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too standard, but where the water had supported the face of the girl had a lot of precision and definition.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
Over the course of time, they got more photos, and they needed more artists so that it went back in Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Julian, a young town north of Marine.
Once a week we were using our scanner in the libraries of temporal photographic that had been stressed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they used to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the stranger of the photos.
I could spend a hour -- I could replicate weeks.
It could mean months.
This monkey had to draw essentially by hand using the areas whose color and detail.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these photos plunged in salt water, covered with bacteria, with algae -- even oil, all of it together with the time of the time continued to destroy them, so they would wipe it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been replaced by his owner.
We were lucky with the complicated hand.
We count the guide of a remarkable neighbors.
It's very easy to hurt even more photos as well.
As Indian once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to wipe them up, but he stopped at realizing that I would give them even more.
I also had depression.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild the images in a single photo and play the full picture.
When I picked up his pictures shared some of his history with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the basic rubble of where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the contract of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signals were gone.
His small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photos his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to looked at, something that could remember from the past that would not have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months at Japan, 1,100 volunteers had joined there Handards had been helped to wipe over 150,000 photos more than 150,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the vast majority came back in their own hands.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 families of totally restriction and retrospectives.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most in ink for printers.
We take pictures.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted it.
They are guard of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would ever look for.
This is what the project is, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the returns.
Some of them connected them to something bigger, to give up something, using their talent for something that will not be thin models of perfect skin.
And I would like to read this email email. I sent it Congo the day I went back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby -- I moved around, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my newborn daughter collection of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
I said, "Leopard inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a exhibition of only a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
So I introduce you a new type of photography, the model, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in light motion of light in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that can see behind the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and shut in a trillion second or it is, in several lengths to create a piece of photons from just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that battery, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons stack into this bottle of this?
What's the aspect of light in slow food?
Now, all of this --   Remember all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola, I didn't pause this research.  So you know, a lot of things in this film, describing this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our battery, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to cross it, and inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these cultures.
Many of the photons finally get to the state and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the upper side you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the rules are contained.
Now, if we take a normal and current bullet and we make the same distance and we see it in slow motion.
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  of a ball in motion.
And what about trying to try with dead nature, right?
You can see the waves that are being made from the table, the tomato and the background wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, thinking, from a stranger at the time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light is able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a stream, it gets surprised.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light is really marriage inside and it goes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this diagram is in your mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at the MIT?
As photographers -- you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it comes into very little light.
But we're going to make a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you can barely get some light.
We sent that battery, that model of motors, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very high sync and we took those districts of data and we managed them to create those videos that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero.
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. So the root, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bottles.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left is our distribute.
Behind the wall there is a sister and we will detect light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commission.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, at slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works as fast as our diabetes, it has unique capability.
It has very good temporal resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a photo picture, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, and we'll try and analyze the multiple readers of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object, right?
Can we see it in 3D research?
This is our generation.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collisions with what's going around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows open.
Or we could build the entirely appropriate ability to see the inner body inside of the body, and the same for copying.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood -- this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about demographics as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of influence in health with the next generation.
As I said, Dark Green, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of artificial photographs.
I realized that all the Gandhi Greeks that we collected every time is just for scientific selections, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here's a funny thing as well.
If you look at the waves underneath the state, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that the events happen in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
So applying the corresponds of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile cell can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone you can record a song, put it to Soliton and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a guy from 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all of these people who are talking about a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Take them up.
Raise your mobile phone, get them back.
Give them a legacy, a Bradema, a Bangladesh.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I will talk about me, of my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
This is 35 than 350 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the Commission of the E.U. presented a patient.
The data installation of data.
This instinct says that every European telephone company, every Internet Internet of the Internet of Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who calls who sends a email to who I want.
Who sent a text to who I want.
And if we use the cell phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in its phone company or your Internet Internet website.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data of data.
We want the coordination in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone to do the Internet Internet and the Internet Internet.
There were lawyers, journalists -- protection, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went to the streets of Berlin and said, "Libera, don't trace.
And some of them even said this would be the State 2.0 percent.
The Trial was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Development Globali, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany -- please send me all the information that they had about me.
And I asked them once, and I was asked to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah ...
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're practicing my life.
So I decided to give you an initial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Doug Geopotel said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we formed a deal.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I asked for.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the institution for German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly envelope with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand different lines of information.
I looked at them and I said, well, it's an enormous file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data is.
So, along with Beck Ellis and Connection Data City, we did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom up and down, go backwards and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in a train to colony, and what often I call on the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they're called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to whom, who sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State would have known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened.
And in consequence either.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But computing and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for computing.
You have to fight for it every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because business and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that are served to remember that they have to fight for the coordination in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, Hollywood Hilla, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, Hollywood Hilla, what happens?
I call myself Marine Bangladesh, and I'm not a book, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mother six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I save all the time.
Look at it.
It's a grandmother. I'm like a mix of Takes."
And Muhammad Arab.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not concept or can be contracted.
Nobody address my mother's uterus, and I didn't find it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be developed.
We're going to walk.
Christmas Vietnamese, they're in the shopping center, driving in circles in search for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for developed.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little standard?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
There was an animal of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian -- Muslim, woman, disabled, living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from "Jurassic California, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same participants.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with cerebral palsy, not walk, but my parents don't believe in the not could."
The mantra of my father was, "You can say "Change "Capitalism dancing.
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents sued to the school system, and they were assured that I would also be, and if we didn't take all the maximum note we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my pants in his feet and just walking up.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it going.
The survival that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a battlefield that has received lots of colleagues.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and they're still all of the family.  I think no one realized that we weren't Africans.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians thought appropriate to use "The Southern money as a campaign of campaign.
The people who grew up didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot to die of starvation during the shadow.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating three months without eat, so I'm going to collapse from dawn to the decade is very easy.
Said sad in Brookly.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to the dance school.
I learned to dance with computers, or I would be able to walk with compassion.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using vaccines, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Mission, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Marine.
In the summer holidays often my father was trying to tell me, so I would drink a little bit of deer, I would put hot cups on my back, I dive up in the Dead Sea and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it would be a work."
But the miracle cure was the hand.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a conduct computer that I couldn't get from foot standard."
And now I can stand in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a fellowship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I got into every single time.
It was like the map of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the most intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the glass of my teachers crying out.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the E.U. decided to make a work called "The Last Lean Alice in Jacks.
It's a piece of a girl with brain parallels.
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I started screaming at four viruses -- "I will finally have a role.
I have cerebral paralysis.
The end of the train is fired.
Thank God powerful, I'm a liberty at the end.
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Steve Brown.
I went to the control of the theater department, crying system, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask them why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't make the risk stunt stunts I couldn't do.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't make the risk stunts either.
It was a paper that I literally was born and gave it to an actress without brain parking.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a certain story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I went home, I went home, and my first electoral tour was as weird in a street.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a precise of "Peak to better friend of "Capita in a single.
Instead, I was there as a national, and I didn't see more than the name, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors didn't hire severe dots, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching "The Toyota Geringer, Ranger Barrier, Shines, and all these women had one thing in common: they were behaviors.
That's why I made it humor.
In my first tour, I was wearing famous comics from New York City to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first magic that he took when I walked on the story that I was at high speed for the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked on clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without it.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know they never heard that little unpleasant disaster that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean British, and I launched the New York Television Festival in New York City now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the individuals in the media and at the time to remind the director directors that sweat and Arab are not simplified.
Arabs were much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as a news program invited by cable short to Sarah Harvard.
I walked as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another silence?"
She looked at me and he said, "Yeah, four, three, two, go!
And we were in lives."
So I cling to the desk of the present to not go through the screen during the segment, and when the interview was over, I was ready.
I finally had my opportunity and the display -- I knew they wouldn't get me back.
But not only Mr. Justice came back to me, but I was as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Harvard was that people on the Internet are writing.
It is said that kids are creatures, but they never died from me or older or older.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a beautiful thing.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why won?"
Is it ready?
And my favorite, poor book benefit.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A contract suggested even that I would add my disability to my collection, a translation, a computer, perfect.
The disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Benjamin, then Benjamin can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
The disabled, we are the largest minority in the world, and the most interested in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the entire society to teach our children.
My northern journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet that was labeled by the David Steven Steven and the Golden Library Barrier.
I came to act in a film with Adam Stanford and working with my own, the incredible Dave Martine.
I remember the world coming up with the Arab became cold."
I was held in the Great state of New Jersey in the middle of 2008.
And I founded "The children of Manhattan, a charity to give kids refugees to Palestinian refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and I read this talk to her memory.
(Audience: Park prison.
I call myself Marine Badi, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small town in South Silicon.
This village is near December.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the brink of initiative.
Without anything for him there, goes to the great city, in this case, Gambillion, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no perspective of future.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of December.
After maybe a dark year, anything.
One day she comes up with a gentleman who offers to take him to lunch, then to confident, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives him a desert.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present to a young man.
It finally happens.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Gambody, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That child of that small village with dreams of the great care was suicide bombers. And that dynamic group of people were al Sahara, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him all the time?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he arrived.
This was the first thing I pulled it out of what we call "the "Serious" Person.
And their story repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the environments, young urban urban young men who were discussing riots in Brooks, who were adventured in London, who are looking for something beyond the Percent "propose."
For the young people, the city promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
Often it's the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting period, the power of access to terrorism -- to violence, to the gang -- will be the story of cities.
And in my birth, Decommunication, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't practically do anything.
I went back to Deconda last month, and I went to visit the Madic hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital hospital at the baseball thinking, and if I had never been left?
What if I was forced to be in that same period of "would?"
Would you have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in GDP that month was actually to bring some juvenile leaders in a corporate enterprise.
It brought up to about 90 social youth leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Ander.
He went to the University of December and graduated himself.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate college college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited for.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Gambillion, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Seventy-five years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
So let me see an opportunity and proposed it.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started rent molecules to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of their family and friends, and their dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycle over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think your ability to identify and harness a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "Serious" period."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mommanism, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Harvard has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- you use plastic plastic from abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw failures?"
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of faster faster and design.
He created a farm outside of Decemberning, and he started to grow the shadows and fires, which he said, could survive the hard weather of December.
And it started the delivery of flowers for sounds, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in MIT in 22 years.
There are no public parks in December.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial bears.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mommanism had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encourage them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be demonstration of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They played business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect the young people to the resources that they need, extend the support that they need to go from awareness to creation, and create attractions for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mommanism is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They add kids out of the street to help rent and keep the hands for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the painting of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they find out and feed their inherent innovation, and you'll have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace than "Democrats and "proposed for speech."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Architecture mountains, an area north in upstate New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun causes the leaves to glow like a virus, and not because of the way we were born, we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings to weigh that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a construction in a research with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the control there was a surface, from about four square feet with heart heart balls with aluminum paper balls and sentence old.
And I was able to be very angry, incredibly confused, incredibly confused.
The competitions that were too lazy to pull out what they had done, who thought it was going to clean their expensive?
That question followed with me, and it was excited a little bit.
Who clean our trash out?
No matter how you organize or where you place our own building, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or at London?
Here in New York, the Department of health is clean in the base of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and bring that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interruption.
I needed to find more.
So I started working as a garbage reader.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And he operated the mechanical and the book and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you were used quickly.
It costs a lot of support to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies still stopping the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of States statistics, the collection of waste is one of the top 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that are often falling out of the truck and causes terrible harm.
I also learned about the primary of garbage.
When you get out of the city and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or corruption.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
I think the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste readers are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health workers.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective form every day, this starts to get rid of your container and their inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways.
Mandarin that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for the capitalism, only for your relationship.
And then it is what I call our average daily speed that I need.
With that, I mean just at the speed that we used to move into the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't seem, we clean or take our coffee cup -- our bag of the communities, our water bottle.
We used them, we take them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will be about it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I think, is almost tragic.
They're in the street every day, in a metaphor.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And his work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves from ourselves, of our own waste, our searching, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a redefine truck truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs, and there was a man making his bike recycled trajectory like he did all the miles.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just standing up, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay.
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul and we worked together and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reduce the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and to account all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage is about three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become a essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a mall shopping center in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ben.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out of conference."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to jump.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the construction with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling down.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a little bit of a little bit of a rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really advanced with the ancient market that is this free structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small reverse.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the particular site, which is located in a very large area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate at an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, including all the entries of the building.
And this extends with a prime neighborhood that creates a space in the free air in the building that is protecting, for its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete shell shell with special particles to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the stopping of the experiments.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry and this helped me to model the facade of the racing.
We're building that with these little tiny pieces that are the windows that let pass air and light in a way controlled to the inside of the building.
This is filled with these little crystals of colors using the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the day, there were more local to sell it.
And in addition to the idea of the facade, it was much more economic not only because of the material compared to the glass, but it was also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy enforcement for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting returns on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these bumps on the roof, which actually collect water for the inside.
It was expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master of 2000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I had designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the media, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a decade of account connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets by creating 12 different initial blocks in size and characteristics to which there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation with the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modifying the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's analytically, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that assured that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks, and then on the bottom plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians.
And also responding to local norms that establish greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the bottom plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like replacing the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and transplant, and make such as running a career of two miles in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies to the same pace as the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls.
He had huge amounts of hairs very bright and a little tin of pencils -- cute -- it was super strong for the capital capital, very good for photography.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister together.
One day I had a time after the school of school. It was a little bit late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was away, I went out in the classroom, took on the table of my teacher the book of calculations.
And then I did.
I alternate the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some like that.
All the way.  And I went back to the book, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a train, I charge the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out to the front of it and myself a row of that, just because of being there, because I could.
I was still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It's that everything was desperately obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I was struck the reason why I was bothered that this girl, so small, was so good for photography.
I was intrigued by the movies.
They're so mysterious and so stressed.
We know that babies suffer from schools.
Also primate birds are very properties.
We know that the movies are the number one cause of community murder in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that advances loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because novels are like the lab that the cells are studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no movies, I would have no literature.
I would not have helicopters the fun, there would be no "agreement."
You wouldn't have reflected color, not "My million and a day."
There was no Shakespeare.
They were going to go out of high school, because we would be losing "The noise and the Russell: there would be no "Angeles" or "The "French -- we would lose and "Apple Martin and "At Jane John.
No class, no Boston. I know it's fashionable to say that Proton has the answers for everything, and in terms of the movies, almost you have them all.
This year is 100 years of his work stream, and "I look for the most animal story of sexual classes, and also the ordinary competition of the sexual classrooms, the mine, all we could have.  And thinking about Protle, we have the mental details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a degree degree on tea stress.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget about how complex it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Collider said were as hard as cat flu.
I don't know what the cat flight, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they're so well together, the novel and the cameras, the films and the Pole.
Is it going to be very obvious as the jealousy, which are reduced to people, to their wish, to their impressions, are a good sample?
I don't know. I think we got very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel class.
When we feel movies, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be a narrow and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to kill the knife -- right?
The movies make all of the amateur reverses, and that's something that I understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to pleasure another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single love that Anniving detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Prize, they were notoriously expensive.
You know, the notes of Proton would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so expensive to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The movies are a lawyer.
It's a hunger emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the children?
The classes are informed from information.
The movies use the details.
The movies like the large amounts of hair hair and the cute and small length of laptops.
The movies get together from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --   Paul in a good language language with the colleagues of jealousy, right?
When Shanghai is in their care of jealousy, suddenly he hears behind the doors and sentences to the continents of their lover -- then he defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is a big thing, but it's not different from the interpretation of a ancient text or looking at a memorial.
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
But it's trying to prove that the hairs look anti-material and make us seem absurd, but in their mine, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a real painful truth -- in fact, what it is to be about the truth, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Protot.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to be a very deeper and more vital range of feelings than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we are going to look for crisis?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion to give us our degrees, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at in so peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very distinguished young man who consumed with the idea that her woman would get it.
And Freud says that there was something bizarre about that man, which didn't look at what his wife was doing.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under speech without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife, without realizing information, involuntary behaviors.
Is it too hard, or accidentally with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the touch of the unconscious of his wife.
The novel is very good at this.
The novels, they describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become aware of the fantasy.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells take us violent or illegal act.
The movies drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman of Michelia in the ages of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one that was sent to be smart, awful to himself, for a year.
For a year, a year.
She was trying to sculpt the new girlfriend of his former name. I have to confess that when or this, it reacted to men.
Because, let's be realistic.
How enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Haiti Partial novel.
Hamoes is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of strangers in a Street and "The Hollywood Mr. Beelin, books that treat how the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the movies, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Polithy, his most famous character.
Tom Pole is going to want to want or want what you have to take on your self and take care of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, you respond to your name, you take your rings, you get your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Pepper.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as I would like sometimes.
It's a shame, because we live in envy times.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy. Right?
The novels show us the silence? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to 2013 from Baker Street and ask for Rodown.
When people think of Hollywood, think about the archive in the Mark More, that criminal genius genius.
But I've always been a presence of "The Everglade Teacher, the head of State Richard Washington who needs the abyss, desperately needs the glass of Hollywood, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
They need its help, but the resident and the restaurant and the shark with shark in the fall of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Six Langley Sea, once Long comes in, it would resonate all with his solution, Telescope goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not careful, Mr. Gulf Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he says there's no person at TED World who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times we see Titanic strikes in history. It seems to me -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the films like a geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Times is the opposite side of Texas.
The next minute they're the same side.
Suddenly, "The Terrain is allowed to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be that simple?
What if the movies are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction.
The fiction used to be demonstrating, it invites the table.
And look at what I put up the Carter, the Taliban Taliban the terrorist Tom Pole, the crazy Mars Prospere.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the spinal cord of Apollo 11 and disappeared on the sea of the California.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but his presence in the gray surface of the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest civilization in peace times in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Albert after death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring back a lot of reduce, 180 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 would stop later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962. They give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya: Some questions, why the moon English?
Why do you turn it into our important?
And you might also ask, why scale the highest mountain mountain?
35 years ago, why fly over the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Peters -- for the computers, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was the one to wonder the transcendence, of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological genes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the polarization was eradicated and sells smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to make what Albert Collider in 1970 called the flowers of the "transplant."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a boat with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo of Apollo 10 flew down to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism optimism of the power of technology has evaporated when we see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as going to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seems to have been an interrupting outcome.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the scanner of the rocket Saturn Healthy.
I knew obviously this would be the last few mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have distracted us, and they had been demonstrated with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've extended and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a primary explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust you have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel intelligence, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk led to change the creation of transformative ideas by funding incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their rigid point without worrying about risk, they would prefer small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
Compassion -- they've always had problems to invest in technologies like energy, which need enormous capital and whose development is long-term -- they haven't invested in development development to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and more profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and massive, less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the drug.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. There are no exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will encourage the development of alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we're going to see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem technological, they seem not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of the failure in food supply.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvesting or systems for storing and food supply, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes include a solution, because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found out that there are a lot of cancer types, some entrepreneurs are terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and effective treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions need to be able to support the solution. It must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a model to produce in the future.
We're not in 1960.
There is no wild competition like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who smells the hard and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction such as exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problems.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust -- and I'm going to start by asking you the ideas that are considered about trust.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recognition, there's been a very generalized belief of trust -- it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a trick, we should recover trust.
I believe that the recommendation, the target and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task -- that I think gives a clearer idea on the subject.
First the recommendation, why do people think trust has demonstrated?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that there may be decrease in some activity or institutions and that it could have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can turn to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were confident 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same trust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite cooling -- judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in half.
But is this enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, anger.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Do we trust the politicians in the design?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the security?
Do you trust the prison?
Did you trust the prime prosecutors?
You probably start by asking, "What do you do?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other no."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depression trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of officer -- function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give up the kind of reading -- but in no way to drive school medicines.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to reverse good judgment in the fact that we trust something or in somebody else.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
This is not the goal that I would see.
I would try to have more confidence in what is a measure of trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust what it's not reliable.
And I think those people who requested their savings with the very dramatically named Mr. Martin who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's supported or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say that, he says, yeah, okay, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they a protection? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the relevant matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are consistent and honest, but it doesn't trust them to bring a letter to the mail because they're adding.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competent, and responsible but extremely restaurants.
If it's like that, I still haven't noticed me.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before trust.
The trust is the answer.
Fifty is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you know, the problem is it takes more time to do the destruction of the partner that will be the part in the rest."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and evidence tests actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to tell you the work of the people who have to make hard tasks -- like the legs, to tell you that "Charles the storms -- as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, by target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transmit people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't really do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task to rebuild trust, it puts things around.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust it, in definition, is different, because it will give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get anywhere, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to give you some of the claims that you are worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's a daily day, everywhere, it makes people ordinary -- the officials -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them back without giving them any explanations themselves.
I take them and I get back the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing is not something very difficult to draw.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is trusted of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be advice.
This separation has become shrinking increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a computer screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there was no face?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong books against the screen transfers their physical body to paintings.
The designers can chew their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the strengths?
At the University of Christians School from Microsoft, along with my mentor Scott King, redesign the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
They combined a transparent virus with cameras of deep to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get to the interior of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book from a shelf.
You can hack the book and jump up lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is down to every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we get into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
Now, a lot of us will have bought and returned by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual treatment on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi History and my collaborator Bank Prophy, we created this only physical picture.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D painting in space, which means that as much the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
And then simplicity, what we did was we insulin gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors compassion.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets, the physics, and unlike monitoring or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what is most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a magneting for two years in the world, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a road path towards happiness, a safe and safe job.
No matter whether or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer singer Chinese.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer singer must start to train from very young to learn the slaves, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote to the school director and the speed of a radio program.
But to any adults he took the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I used to look for another break.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I go to books.
(Music "Compassion of Salia Malaffer Chicken "All "The "The Hollywood States "The "The University of Ninetepakers came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that are here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it is not convenient and invention.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a resistance, "Make your father and your mother."
"Well, I said to myself, "It's so different, and much better than the obey reference."
So it became my tool to come out of this confused guilt trap, and to reset my relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture is also led to my habit of comparative reading.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, the beginning of this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never been told, that China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compared and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not also do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
They can treat people from Benjamin Brother from Walter Marchus "The James Cameron who were involved in a very same solution, or friends with shared experiences.
To the Costa, the feelings are economic, politics and spiritual skills.
For the Buddha -- it's all policy, lust, fear and the social series. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Change Laden Thomas "The "How of the Time Arabia Art, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "I said that "Charity in Chinese means "A quick "Appreciation "Appreciation."
And National in Chinese, literally, means new mother."
The books opened me a magical door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to be feeling alone or powerless never.
Having a strong dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that it's not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a demonstrated dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, I'm here today happy, living again with purpose and color, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first construction of psychotherapy.
I was a political student in technical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Marilyan.
Alex walked into the first session wearing cowboy and a story shot, threw on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with the men.
When I heard this, I felt so survived.
My class of class had a path as the first customers.
And I played a view that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the successful stories that Alex brought into the sessions, it made me easy to just move the head while we took the solution.
"The triple is the new vision, he said, "Look, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start to work later, you start to work later, you have kids after the death passes later.
For viruses like Alex and I had time to meet.
But soon after that, my smoking pushed me to press Alex to talk about her loving life.
I resist.
I said, "Yeah, it's coming out with the guys under your category -- it gets married with a head head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my survival said, "No way, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best time to work in Alex marriage is before it goes."
This is what psychologists call a moment Babylon."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the Mach 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the '60s in Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign intelligence was a real problem and I had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for careers, families and the future of vegetables everywhere.
There's 50 million videos in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to the adult without going through before in the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the restaurants here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with virus, you love a view, you remove the dream of a view, I want to see. It's okay. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and moments, that shape their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40 people don't panic in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they gain.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and it gets demonstration for adulthood. Which means that if there's something you want to change from themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than anywhere else in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its board at 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 is time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily and common life has a security impact in the person who will become around.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the asteroids are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are named by ridiculous names like Sambenships and Titans."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernisha said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you get a view of a view in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency, and their ambition and absolutely nothing.
And then every single day, smart verbs, interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't matter. I'm just killing you."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are to end up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better confused the day I graduated from the University."
And then it starts sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music turned off, and they all began to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one that would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 38.
Where are the grandparents here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there is a huge pressure to the 3,000 and so many of starting a career -- choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do all of one time at 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Notice you can't have the son you want to now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of CEOs and currents look themselves, and I sat in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the asteroids are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Mom.
At 25, Emma came to my office because she was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last years working as a sea.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more experiment than impact.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she lifted himself by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new bicycle stress, and I had spent the whole morning with her many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In emergency case -- please call it."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and he said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an artifacture?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was very happy to resist and not say, "Oh."
What Emma needed was not a state that really worried about.
I needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex like to just sit at me while the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So over the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the viewing or man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For capital capital, I mean doing something that pays value to his person.
Doing something that's an investment in what they want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the face of Mougo, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal one, from that company that you want to try with.
I'm not cutting out the exposed exploration, I'm cutting the exploration that I shouldn't count, by the way, is not exploration.
It's competition.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are all survival.
The best friends are excellent to get the airport to the airport, but the virus that together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes out of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called the weak self-esteem friends of friends.
Yes, half of the asteroids have bad work or they have no work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way we can hang into this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job done.
It's not cheating. It's science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but like Angeles, Emma will soon choose his family, when I have a couple and form her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or do you care about now when everyone in Facebook, they start walking into the altar.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it work or kill time with who you pick it to you.
So what happened with Mom Mountain?
Well, we looked at that content, and she found the roommate of a quarter that worked on a museum of art in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special investment of events in museums.
This married with a man who elected consciously content.
I love her new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency emergency spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with versions.
It's very easy to help you.
The videos are like airplanes coming out of the board of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the spin, a slight painting in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or in the front.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25 and even 20, a good conversation, a good descent, a good descent, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next few years, or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea to spread all the virus you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex about.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to the verbs like Emma every day: The transists are not the new 20, they reject their adulthood, get identity capital, use their weak colors, choose your family.
They don't let them define why they didn't know what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very honest job in terms of a work that was even more terms, the direction.
I went to teach math math students in New York public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, they calculate the grades.
What struck me was that County, it wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have computers from five.
Some of my smartest children weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in the seventh grade, safe, are hard, proportions, the products, the area of a pollution.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a emotional perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's the CD, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Canadian West Pete.
We try to predict what networks stay in the military training and who would be advanced.
We went to the National Science of Telegra and we tried to predict what children will move as far as possible in competition.
We study the standard teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking me, which of these regions are going to keep their job out?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those different contexts, a characteristic came up as a important indicator of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good attention, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the disability.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to hold your future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination consumers and then waited about more than a year to see who they were gained.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater odds, even when I started them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that the children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Science Constitute in which we care about determination -- it's also in school, especially for kids in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows science about development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long pass?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you definition.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the measure of talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called "The "encourage" of the "competition."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol State, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Department has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to be seeing when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth growth is a great idea to develop definition.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start everything again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more distant.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a grid, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner. It seems to be as unpredictable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can stop this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and fastest way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read signals of track, look at restaurant, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open his mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
He's person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I were screaming in a fertilizer way, "unclear], I'm booking." This symbol actually is original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.

This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a common in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
A person.
If somebody walks back, that's going."
As the old said, two are company, three are trick.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner and such as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundation.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a decision --  Easy to remember, because a tree is pretty decision.
Remember the floor?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of call.
They put the fire under the two trees, that's to burn it.
For us, sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prison.
Three together, those are stress.
They put the sun and the moon glow together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
One door. Put a chart inside the door, it's the cover of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch somebody at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, space, walking.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing it.
Three women together, they have care to be health.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters of characters, which is the same as a eight years old.
So after we met the characters, we started creating phrase.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the single sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is the eastern of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile, because Chinese operators would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the family has become a stream.
A mouth that tells you where it comes out is a situation.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was General, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand on.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of a industrial complex of child fantastic.
However, the magician of Oz was a event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took the last few years later with that, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a young boy rescued a girl dressed as a sick disease.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the magician.
One is that there is very little violence in the magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say, "Hey, you are the salvation of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magical shoes to defeat the army computer-generated military banks.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about the X magician, is that the most heroic characters and wise characters and even millions are women.
I started to notice this when I did see "Star Mars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's only three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had gone down.  So he broke out in the room and he was impressed as a mom with her parts behind, and I didn't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it looks like.
Would it be themes of value, and the perseverance, and really?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one to a military to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the Olympic magician of 1917.
How do you win his film?
By making good friends with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up to hear, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital capital force, force in movies for our children, and so little about the road of yellow store?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence films in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus status.
I know for experience that the Britain princess didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults which is mixed --  I think at the time of the first laugh, I really hope that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have novel.
Why do you stand there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on the sunlight and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like to be a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a translation of war.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the impossibilities of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, although they are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job in teaching girls how to defend the antibiotics, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the advertising.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and analyzed like Minister and Afghanistan, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to travel in classic after classic school, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who raised a child.
until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out of Venturu.
I recommend it to all of you. It's available in stores.
Do you remember what criticism said when it came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a printing.
It's very good. Don't let it stop you.
Well, almost none of these films happens the Beekhoul test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and already participated, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Janian Jewish is a comic book -- and in the mid 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the movie, there's more than a female character than you have angerious?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy who liked them so much --  All right? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It has happened. I've seen it, and yet I really see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film film.
Right? South Southern Susselles, he success success -- an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood movie is.
Virtually not the test of Jesus.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a pregnant where men and women hide during the crisis of the regions.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this condition, and it's the great moment for one of the areas to take a look at the door and say, "Do you come to bed bed?
This is Hollywood.
So let me give you the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female stories?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a larger number that is going to give you this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in his life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or anti-mathematics are tightly linked -- but something and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual destruction.
Who are those guys, what are they learning?
What do you not learn with?
Are you measuring the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the blue with violence, and then charge the belief, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we maintaining that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools. We have tools to our willingness as a spinning power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, constantly make a power to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to maintain their political power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I really mean parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of the men.
The definition of high school is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the factory.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Wars you know what he say?
Manufacture.
And the Benjamin and General Mentural and General.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where I tell my son, "Go and struggle only and more stories where you see their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the O.K.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked was to look for sea marks on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would give it luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these concerts.
They're sand covered and hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became an passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying the personality, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, I had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length next to the Ninety.
And my sea galaxies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to look like this.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared thing.
This is a place located at the eastern Delta of Egypt called British.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we use satellite data to find a ancient Egyptian city, called Saturn, lost for thousands of years.
She's the capital of the ancient Egypt for more than 400 years in a time period called the average empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Francisco, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The surveillances have always known that Hansable was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them, indicate inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plane plan.
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 miles for four miles.
Before, the Lincoln color right next to Harvard and as it changed over time, it moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack with the eyes sold and using baseball systems.
So, we use NASA technologies to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where color is flower.
But you can see more quickly, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of the Stanford.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show work, and you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human pocket.
Five meters down, under a layer thick layer we found a dense layer of metabolic objects.
This means that in this possible location of Evolut, five meters down, we have a computer layer of several hundreds of years that go from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think it's Mathemanium.
We also found workshops of poetry, color, corner and gas -- what shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the rocks that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Saturn here, but let's go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably he was written in Hallack 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all the vocalists.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 D.C.
I make ideas actually actually started in 1984 or C. In a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of home.
I want you to pay attention to the color color, to the material that it's done.
Now they visualize a group of non-engineered news collective.
They're competing on a not a new bicycle race and they go to your entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're strongly ready to be surrounded -- they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that pass on the side of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the lobby, the scale, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light shining on the Carter of the Captain.
They're waving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks to you.
You can feel your blue skin by making them corners in the nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell that you're about to get into the mouth.
They go on the side and they enter their living room.
In the room, and making use of your imagination, imagine Britney Sir.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing Home Bank March Tom Tom.
Now follow the kitchen.
The floor has been coated with a path of yellow yellow and from the oven come to you Charlie, the Man of Palestinian, the Saras and the Leago of "The Machi of The Ording of The Yay, jumping out to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that is carried by every spring in New York.
It's called the US Memorial Medicine State."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different men and different habits of hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more rapidly.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Code who had come from England and has one of the best training memory.
I said, "Oh, when you realized that you were a know?"
Ed replied, "I'm not a wise one.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participants from this competition says they have normal memory.
We have trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that were using Carriern to memorize their speech, and that the medieval academics used to memorize the entire book books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear this before?
We were standing out of the hall of competition, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- even though a little bit of a strange, he said, John, you're a American journalist.
Do you know Britney separate?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Sixth how to memorize the order in a live family battery, in national television.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Sarah, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why not sometimes works and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Month.
He's a mastery, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that she didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows you to see what extent our memory does to us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is King Pennergoth. In he was based on the role of Guinea Tempotes in the movie "Can "The "Malled Manage Package.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, marketing grassroots grassroots, was celebrated.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and growing was not a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide their minds of their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us morehoused, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and crops is this so unique competition of memory.
It's actually not that singular -- there's competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or an anti-making other than rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
It had yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control issues that you compare them.
When they put them in a MRI machine machine, they scan their brains as they shafter numbers and faces and forms of snow bones. They found that in memory champions were inspired from the brain, different from the other people.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and relative memory.
Why? There's something we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive literacy is being shaped as a armed race where anyone appears with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of competitors should be able to put the day.
This is my friend Ben British, three times compared to memory.
In his desk in front of him, there are three little hallet bars that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just animated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 440 diabetes antibiotics anthropologists.
In half an hour. Yes.
And while there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all the techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call "The "biotechnology" called.
It illustrates with a constructive paradox known as the "Facebook store, and I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you. Remember there's a man named Barriers.
That's her single.
And then I asked them, "You remember there is a "Apple "basis"
And when I go back later and I ask you to remember that word that I told you about a story?"
Remember what was it?"
The person who was told that their name is "A Narrator is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told their job is "archaeome."
The same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Barack, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
With all the other memories that dance for your head.
But the word, "Architecture." We know parallests.
They're using white brain servers.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell good when they come home to work.
We probably know some pattern.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we began to put the concepts of symptoms to put them very easily, at some point soon.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the palace of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Symaries that attended a battle.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring to a distance, he was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he took her memory of memory, and he turned up, and so soon it was, the ship of the ship collapsed off.
Take them all.
But not just killed everyone, but it destroys the bodies by leaving them construction.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
And so they couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
They soldier, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, close your eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every invited state.
He took the family family to take them out where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What Hampased invested at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we are not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and spatial spatial memory.
If I asked you to be rejected the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Syrians, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse in front of the brown room in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and make it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy the cold, and it seen, and it seen, and it is a little bit more crazy and a little more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treated in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory, in the same way that would be Carriculture if you invited it to TEDTalk 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine they're at the door of your house.
And I will imagine some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and incredible image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely instancement competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and seeing the Carter of the cookie mounted on Mister East.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney Sarah to remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth topic they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse you, but typical by typical.
In fact the term simulated comes from the Greek Geographics that means news."
It's a research of when people thought about the lab and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place: it would be like the first place in their memory memory.
I saw this was just fascinating and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this complexity of competitive memorials.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a super-making event.
Seriously, it's kind of like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody is killing the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat up to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school crew bought in a piece of pieces.
And I discovered that this was wonderfully stressed.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was entertaining because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images and computers, and the computers, analysis, and the strangers and the incredible eyes, in the eye of mind.
I really hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard standard team for memory competition.
It's a pair of barriers and a few security glasses, leaving just two holes, because the distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before. He had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this might be good story for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, which I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but this is actually not the point.
These are just translations.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory memory or name bathrooms -- to benefit with a little bit of competition about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate day, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real markets.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of them are not going to run out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things make measures.
And if there is something I want to leave you today is what I knew, the mass I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing in the Cartesian or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side, will we be so glad that we don't even bother in processing in problem?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to be approaching just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from T. Hervey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving to the living room.
And there everybody was looking at the TV, and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I was attacked and wrapped wrapped back into a towel -- everyone looks at me.
And I was like that.
It was the thing, insecure, and hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that battle, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
They are.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not to divide areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it does, you think about power, stability and democracy.
And I know they think about it as a building in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a statement that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable south, solid cities, in front of the sea, far away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build the innovators and governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Public Library of Lifer that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, he's got a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red mouth, that let me go into what Living tries to communicate with this building, the children, the values of ownership -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and sharing.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of the libraries -- are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of proposition.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life forms of life.
We go on, push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black -- this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and come back to connecting with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like translations, so we start experimenting again, and we start experimenting back to the plane back forward, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the "unclear] so-called the "unclear] called.
It's got to do with the concrete.
You can guess.
Vega small, so selective scale.
Something really hard.
So we get to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the folding again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know like and update them.
We added and we added parks and we used new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Profile disasters and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be market markets made of glass.
The shapes were made, they won in audacity and a color.
They became complex.
The countries grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the right in shopping centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantastic.
Those fantasy people could be the meter, the French or to Italian Africa.
It's probably a symphony of bread.
This is what happens with the non-entimese.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy. They're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Stanford.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated. And we started making the folding back in the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '80s, we started to experiment with the consumerished consumer.
We cut the historical symbols, now we count with new design techniques by computer design, and we find new compassions -- some forms that are stars against other forms.
This is academic and engineer, and it's super complex, one is totally excluded.
Normally the plastic plant again in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Germany of Bangalore from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Germany said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, and they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times wrote this building of black building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, English.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media would be gained around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major leaders of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and sub-scale.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
He happened to Bay and Second, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to happen with all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
You think, for example, how architecture builds architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is cleaned up, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be transactions.
Technology accelerated -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond physical location in there.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't spend a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I know if that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The naught was not a two-year movement for 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were testing them.
That's never going to happen. I think because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete or steel or search, and it's the revolution of media.
My theory is that when you apply the media to communicate, it starts to get more and faster, until it will be in both extreme extremes almost simultaneously, and it demands the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
We can now make symbols almost instantaneously. With emotional charge, something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Pages in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, the building was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like the different product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes contractions with the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those viruses of Living.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in looking for new biologists."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation examples about what a library can be.
That's commons.
Communications that can lead to the mayor of Living, the people in Lincoln, and tell them that there is no single response to what a library can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use the word transparent and complicated drawings and one is no longer a destructive audience who doesn't accept anything that I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let it improve by architecture.
That means that the adjacent cord from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different from buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Salvey can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical motion of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are shaped to the vaccination of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or performance, or even one can be married there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East East of New York, and to raise half a million dollars of the community around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this small bananas of tens, as wonderful and cold as the animals you're going to observe.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who makes our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're no longer at any opposite side.
They find an architect, and they find it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings are not only reflecting our society, but they give it way to the smaller spaces, the local library, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Sheire.
It just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, attacking, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection of it.
It's laughing and its chicken, and it gives themselves those big kisses and mouths.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me I used to do it. And he made me think, when when I stopped doing this?
How are we suddenly not comfortable with our appearance.
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I faith?"
This is Faster, it's 13 years old and lives in Delt.
And like any teenager -- just wants to be dear and complete.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells her all the story that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
And what his mom says to him and what his friends, or fellow colleagues say, doesn't know who I believe.
So it makes a video of it itself, he publishes it in YouTube, and he asks others that please leave a comment story: "Am I nice or a fail?"
Well, so far, Ray has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life of life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking you to do this?
Well, the teenagers today almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking about, "Harlord, giving me "What I like to eat, by sharing sharing sharing -- this never ends.
We have never been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in your bedroom all night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are preventing.
This environment, of being always connected, is replacing our children to strike based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no divide between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally that is.
What is the most prominent thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for the inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut from the children's news news.
The street models continue to dominate our passwords.
The software technique is now a routine now.
And trends like and and construction, an absorber and a property.
For those of you who know it, project means a proportion.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the superheroes of the sports of sports and the computers of the streets.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be very good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as complexity to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom, they avoid engaging in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical act.
One out of five are not going to classes at all.
And in the season season, if you don't think you are good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't care about the appearance of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generalize in Finland, the United States and China.
And it goes independently from what these young young people.
So to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The self-esteem of your body is defending academic performance.
And it's also splitting health.
The adolescents in self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more diet no healthy than they can bring them to a food desert.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this for what they make more risky decisions like alcohol and drug consumption, acoustic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early age and without protection and day defines.
The search for the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have surface again, regardless of whether or not they have greater rates of sensor.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with how they look like.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we were able to overcome this, what would that be?
To release this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking out, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to instill trust in your own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs -- without realizing it, they worse.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children are still not only going to have positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
A education is fundamental -- but we will face this problem requires each of us to take the networks in the issue, and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
I defy the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the involvement of our politicians in short, or the size of their chest, or instant that the determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can start by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a music?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up to value all of their people, value individuals, diversity, inclusion -- inclusion it.
We have to put people who are actually making a difference in a port.
For making a difference in the real world, we make them all the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they can never be who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Her wife?
Her sister?
His daughter, to his son?

It could be simply the woman who is two car seats -- what would mean for her if it was liberated from that artificial voice inside his interior, which was encouraged by not having long legs -- even more thin money, a smaller significance closer?
What would it mean for her if we survived this and we would say release to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is getting us all together.
But teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small travels of a year of age today becomes agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named "The Salthrand Self entered a hotel in Manhattan and analyzed the rabbi Mark Kati, the leader of the League of Defense Forest.
At the end of us initially declared it innocent. But being prison for other minutes in the company of others, in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons of New York City, including lines, communities and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later Second would be convicted by their participation in that attack.
"Freezing "Serge" is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with an American mother teacher, primary school teacher, between the two did the whole possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few even most Muslims come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so dismal to their connections that think we need to use all the means possible for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last weekends of week, he and some friends, had been going into Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Charles Collider that, without knowing our group, was survived by the FBI.
When I turned to pull, my father helped me hold the street in the shoulder, and he explained to me how to aim about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the goal, and for surprise.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, said "Great "French "French."
As a parent, such child.
All of all, the comment produced them a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they found so funny.
They saw me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a long deal with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking in the northern World Tower, causing an explosion that killed six people and made another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them Atlanta, which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved into 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of administrators.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to start and get to another city.
As I was always my new face of the class with frequency it was a victim.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but being the new class of class, silent and refreshots, was enough common.
So most of the time it happened at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- because growing under anniversary, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was trained to judge people with an arbitrary basis, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that they had to test me was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that was involved in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of youth violence, as I had been a math victim, almost all my life, was something that I felt so passion.
The members of this group came from various decisions.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids with whom we had made friendships, was Jewish.
I took a number of days going to light this detail and realized that there was no anxiety between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was really proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe it was an institutional.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job at Bush, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had been taught that the humor was a sin and by extension, all humanities were bad influence.
For sure, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most abundant and less critical critics I had seen in life.
Having been made of a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others -- but it wasn't easy for me to treat a nice person, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be humor, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the "The Daily Shakespeare.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me absolutely honest about my autonomous, and it helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my paternal shape at a time when I was desperately asking him.
In times, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, existing, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that will be preserved in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless attacks and said, "I'm tired of hate for you."
At that moment I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hate inside your inner inside.
My real name is not Babylonian Marine.
It changed it when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, than even though I was given to this violent and interesting ideology -- I didn't get any money to make me.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prices.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those meaningless acts as I reject my father's actions.
So with this simple I'm talking to you here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
There's a film that is projected in your mind.
It's an incredible charter movie.
It's in 3D, and he's got a sweat sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a program, tastes and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has a constant voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie -- you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal plans?
Why are we not just robots that are processing what we receive to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner movie of it?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is goal.
It's by nature, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I lost that vision.
The psychology studied behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, but never ever mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis and physicists like Roger Peter said, "Now it's time for science to be aware of consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was search for correlations -- conferences between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kingstherlands did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of conferences.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain to the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscientists.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't really appreciate the real central mystery of this matter, why is all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a super-making internal movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the behaviors, like the southern, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical subjects are all of the emerging behaviors -- how they operate the brains, how the hurricane works, how they work, they adapt and three living organisms. They're all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as a emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from an empty experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm.
I'm a heart science.
I want a scientific theory of the responsibility that works, for a long time, hit me the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is a kind of analytical, something we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how to how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that might seem crazy, before I can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Gangonal who's here today, has one.
Its crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the underground film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of probably decentralized consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be media.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
And physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental maps, space, time and mass.
They make fundamental laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties.
On the contrary, you consider it fundamental and then you build the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is strange.
In the 19th century, Malaffer discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- space sets, space, mass, Newton's laws -- so I apply the basic laws of the struggle, and I study the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern about.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental interesting, space, time, mass, burden -- then for logic, you have to hold the list.
The most natural thing would be to apply awareness itself as fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens the way to make it scientifically fun.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space -- space -- physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws that we can be able to do in a brain.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can do it on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "Pleasers, "Pay for all, "Please every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kingdoman -- the elementary particles.
Even a photon has a degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a computer can be full of analytical when you think "Well, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the readers."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little nuts for you.
How do someone think something so colleague?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, the time and the mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems formulating, it is much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is by linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
It's a process of complex information, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years of a scientist, Bill Bonith, took this kind of theory and developed it properly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called the time, which measures the degree of information integrated into a system.
And it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of water, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there's a lot of information integration of information, just quite significant. degree of very important consciousness.
But when you get to the books, microbes, particles, the degree of mine would be.
The level of information information is less, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Bonica, there will still be a different level of zero consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness -- high degree of water, high consciousness.
Also, another reason is that optimism can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies it.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the completes?"
From the microbial vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire into the equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find out outside the physical world as a kind of an architecture.
It's right there in the center.
This vision is, I think, the psychic vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have social and ethical consequences quite serious.
Some of them can be organic.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be a vegetarian person.
If you're a stuff and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think by thinking well, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral belief -- is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Shanghai in the movie of the Charle?
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information vision, she has a complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have fairly serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computer systems and the ethics to shut off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this point we have an TED collective consciousness -- an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should take seriously.
So this analytical vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more secure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second one, which is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a profile of education.
I went to school, I teamed up with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was quite normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to call myself to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's a very obvious problem.
She's actually not achieved anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a presence on my mother's village, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Sergerries the "Market Mars and "Sandwich Creative."
Yeah, I know. What discussing.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we took the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of teaching in a high school of Reever, just after about 20 minutes in the class of 11 high school studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussion?"
And I said, "What discuss?"
Well, I had been talking to you about the frequency law for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, your emotional speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs, they talk about artificial things in school?"
Usually in the action room.
And it was then when I realized -- this child had had experiences with people with disabilities as an object of inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not rocket fault, which is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair chair, and you probably are waiting for you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint you.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we've been in relation to disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is something bad, and I manage more molecules.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exception.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it wrong.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity."
Or this other one: "Your excuse is inventioned.
Or this one: "Before leaving them, interest."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a kid who runs with open-source prosthetic legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term substantially supplying a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we made the disability to the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, as bad as my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person."
But what if you are that person?
I've lost the account of number of times I've been informed by strangers wanting to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was as if I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to describe.
These images, those images code people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
Let's take some things.
But the things that we overcome is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term people with "Two designers -- deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled, because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics because of our bodies.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned how to pull out the best of his capacity as well as you do it, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to do that in the way we do it, when you share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of "Freedom that says it as a color.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us wrong.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here recording the inspiration, and you think, "My God, "Wow, are you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a few balls of barrier to collect the things that fall down.  I learned the architect of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn about force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that is excited and costs.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote -- "The only disability in life is a bad activity, the reason that that's lie is not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a climb has never done that it becomes a bank.
Never.   So "I'm going to smile to a television screen will not be able to appear the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and throwing a positive attitude to convert all those books to the branch.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "The "Market Marine don't think of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we will be happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 grade in a high school in Bradue is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a super-making user users.
The disability doesn't make us wrong, but to question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football, with analysis?
And what is the average speed of a college without correct?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't get up.
When people think about augmented reality, you think about "Minority Berkeley and in Tom Cruise by putting hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, is what I'm wearing -- the Google Google goggles God.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google is a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional artist in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Google, under a helmet and know what is running by the game field at 160 miles -- the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds to lose us, trying to partner with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what it is to use Google Glass under the helmet and give you a sense of that.
Unfortunately, you're not images of the properties of the Freeman, because the idea of the Germany of emerging technology is a submarine climbing on the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Blue, we go.
It's horrible to be created.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kingdom, as you can see, is a reminder of what is being blued in the football field, from the perspective of the collaboration.
You may have noticed that we lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, from the University of Washington.
Machi Martin Macer, "And "The Matthew 1874, "Andrew 147.
Blue eight, Blue 1.8. Go!
Chris Kinghai: This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the Millennia.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and in Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field of field.
Or from a card?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Programmer and Google Glass, how do we get out of full, how do we take it?
We took it to that level using something called College Richard, which probably many people know.
The Rosetta Rostan has been described as the most realistic virtual device ever, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to keep playing playing. No!
Oh, my God. Oh.
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we run a video from Japanese Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a plastic with the arm before you run and do an analysis? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Jesus running through the car, by releasing the bullet to the bottom of the network? Or Fred making a forest in Montana?
What will your experience be when it descended from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic collection?
Maybe you increase the sales of adult patterns.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Victoria.
How do we get augmented reality, EDI?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the income and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our color?
How do we use it to win partners?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. You give them money.
So here is a brief puzzle on the technology in the Millennium.
In 1965, the Parts of Baltimore put a market to his field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the Moon placed radio on the banks of the field machines and then in the defense.
They had more protected because it was faster, more stressed.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player going back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic of plastic that you're carrying -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties and they hate them to lose party.
If you lose parties as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the costs and the sharks, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have a lot of information.
This makes the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your replicators, and data analysis will stop being just for night.
It will also be for defenses. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the bullet and you go back.
You look at a open receptor. All of a sudden, a fluid on the left side of your bombsight makes you inspire that a defense behind you is going to attack you -- typically, you don't see it, but the system of Road is moving.
Go forward to the protection area.
Another flower is inspired that there's a open receptor.
They launch the ball, but you get rid of you.
The bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its bombsight a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
It gets and shot the ball, running and seat.
The public gets over and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality is part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask them is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and close, like our usual entertainment state?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports self-esteem.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a bus how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it becomes security?
How much is it worth a Hamparia Taliban or a Neil Detroit Timberline trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of territorial notes and arrestralized notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the California Development of California.
Most of those 23 years, I was able to patrol the southern end of the Manda County.
The bridge is a iconic structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gates was open in 1933.
Joseph Streets, engineer engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically testing suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been idealized as such as the fall of all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that go through your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a little free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which would drill vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't usually stay in the hot water, and then they drown out.
I don't think that the ones that fill this suicide method realize the death table that they will be facing.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel to the bridge.
So this is where most people get to get their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is at that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to a official contemplating her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had a success that day to bring it back on the strange.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We were fighting to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers as well.
We've come up a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new official ones.
This is Jason Margaret.
I met him on July 22 last year when I received a call from a Swedish suicide sitting on the heart near the center.
He said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Golden Gate Bridge David.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before from New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about a hour talking to Jason -- we asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
I remember the Greek GPS, Rose created Prosperent, and sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Prophica, and she opened the box.
They came out of the plates, small, and all kinds of wrong against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no spirit?"
It stopped some instantly, leaned on the right, and it left.
This remarkable guy in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the day after, the family family called me to see how it was.
The Japanese parents had asked him.
The suicide damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
And I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved a suicide was?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not only to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, colony, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to confront them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "One in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life -- have you had these thoughts?"
It's going to confront the person in front of the face and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look -- despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve -- independence, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social structure -- and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a email from a lady and I would like to read you with her letter.
She lost her son on January 19, this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with her permission and referrating that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite interesting, but notice more moments to really realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Beijing to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the police of Principle and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house, and they reported me that the car of Mike was down on the bridge.
One witnesses had seen it jump from the bridge to 1854 in the previous day.
Thank you for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffer a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The Google, the bridge Dance Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful battery, not a thing.
Good luck this week, "Carlinger this."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the bridge that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, responded to a radio call by a potential suicide suicide on the sidewalk of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, he immediately crossed the stranger, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
And during the hour and a half a second, I heard like Kevin talked about her depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day I'll come back on that lane and give it another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he did.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it happen to go back and give you hope and life another position?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I listen to you.
They let me talk and just an "Andrew "Associated."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I would like to watch you.
"Dear Mr. Greek -- nothing to erase the events on March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly decoded.
I took Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those professional traits -- but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
It's just in debt with you, New Branal still.
And at the end of it she wrote, "I had heard -- when I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would report as the patient.
"I would have to figure it out.
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and its depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather stands with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I steal the opportunity to meet me.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
And usually this is achieved only three ways -- sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and called the supermarket around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jane.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final press, he looked at me, and he said, "Listen, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Protector, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they left from the side were realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only connected with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we make, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be generated.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but inside you know what you are, and a question tells you, how do you become that?
I should be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I would tell you later, when I look at this picture -- I think, "Well, Germany, you got it, you get it.
But the past October. I discovered that, I'm just beginning.
We all get out of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release them, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this mystery is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a child when I was born because of the appearance of my great.
I remember my five years in Los Angeles, in my house, I was always wearing this truck in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in the head?"
I said, "Mom, that's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to add it.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but we now know that really, it's something more complex and mysterious in it.
Because of my success, I never shared my story, not because I thought I'm going to be a bad thing, but because of how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess goddess of the garden.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still in man, I met this woman called Tom.
It's the conductor of a strange beauty pageant.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition construction?
He told me that if he was passing her out of the stopping stories and the secret, and that night, I won in a bathroom taken in a bathroom and I had third party between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was within the world of beauty religions.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a routine of bright women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the descended presentations, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Apples.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, I had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my application of the green card that I could go to the United States.
I resist.
I told my mother, "Hey, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a religion religion.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of the government?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I would put two "my "my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
Back then in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a car, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy for me.
Suddenly, my fears saw individuals.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of Marine Latin Latin.
A young woman in New York who obviously lived his truth, but who did deserted, he put end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global glacier for the Constructive Day of the Broadmothing.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who stood and stood up to injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia Virgin.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, thinking, so some day there is no more vision of 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Generator, a quick question.
Real Rocket: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my references.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I have been to young women behind, who have took on, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I would take the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just a gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by the birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that conversation doesn't block -- and that there should be a space that allowed people to detect, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues with them.
The winning movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents usually know their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Bell started his campaign by education defending their rights in 2007, and when their efforts were driven in 2011, when he gave her the National Peace Prize -- became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a child, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes out, gives her condoms to mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he connected, and, with the hope of a child, when she reaches his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only does the mother suffer but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, you stay at home and school admit to their siblings.
Up to the age of 12 years, in some sense, has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when it takes 13 years old, he was promised to come out of his house without a male animation.
It's confined at four walls in his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you distribute the code of that honor sound, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this engineering code of honor is not only affecting the life of a bunch, it also affects the life of male members in the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the sound of honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that are called a legislation.
A good girl is supposed to be very hard, very humble and very substantial.
It's the judgment.
The model of a good girl has to be quiet.
It is supposed to be quiet and it accepts the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want to.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or whether the house with an old man has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a surface of a surface.
If the very young house, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it a surface.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poetry, "The house, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and children."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it reaches the same lesson of reverence to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malander, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt utterly honored.
And so long before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a high freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Marine from Marvia, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked, all of them were men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Hey kill."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I was admitted in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a child of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the tribal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for a girl life.
And I will discover in a school means the recognition of their identity and its name.
A school disorder means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was using the Canadian view, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the realities of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
Which my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the ability of my daughter.
He encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to hide them in his personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malaffer.
I've pushed all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for analysis.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the regime.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called standard.
And dear brothers and sisters were fighting for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called announcement.
That means a complete denial of women's involvement in all of the political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use visions and stopped going to the markets.
The musicians were silent, the storms and the killed.
They suffer millions, but a few talked -- and it was scary to have around those people who kill and bounce when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Mary lifted up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary and spoke on every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It became a class in the whole world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October October 2012, they shot in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "I should blame what happened to my daughter, your child?"
And he said, "Please, don't blame you.
They defend the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and join you.
Both of them were on the right path and God will protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaffer was in the hospital and had severe colors and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained out.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my dream smile and my face in my face.
I'll get okay. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and he consumed.
You wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I am pleased to share with you that despite the rights of children and women, it's like any 10-year-old girl.
He cried when it wasn't just his task.
You fight your siblings, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What's especially in my tutor that has made so audacious to street so brave and expressive and end?"
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Montho Protection. In Google, where I've had a distance to my corner, the Google 5 visualization divide -- but all the work that I'm talking about here about brain science, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to a brain surgery.
Do you still be as smart or not?
If it doesn't be like that, could you become a religion?
After the number, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and metaphorical.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to make, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixing chemicals and trying to get them to stay alive.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided I would experience to try and get the optimal doses because there is really no clear map that tells him in Seattle.
I started to try with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my performance, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with each other.
A particularly impressive case -- for a few months, I tested dose dose and chemical chemicals for a man of dress, and I was amazed by seeing how my thoughts changed my thoughts.
I was always extremely, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several different types like this, or maybe some that are sticking out.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be stranger.
In fact, I was trying to figure out a problem that had the front, and just not like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my doses changed.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and the separations and so forth, I was recovering my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key point of reference -- how I get those mental images that I use to create protections, my ideas, if you want to do it, I tried new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Big stuff like Humari, Descartes and Henrings see things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are today who questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me is simple: for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right now, and I have a lot of great mental images, really visualization, really sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to carry fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to direct the world that has the front there?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people are creative can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to get this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two prominent groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia Gando and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The medium of the medium shows the scan of the brain of that individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right was created by showing the contents of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost unusual.
This repeats in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost unusual.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Japanese in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into unknown visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they stole their brains to create a large set of reactions of the brain to the video sequence.
And then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan to show it to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This gave us beautiful.
We are well close to it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you create the same map.
This was conducted with the scanning brain scanning systems today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer for that.
Many of them are proposing new techniques of projection for pictures, including me, counting with the recent result of the FBI, first of all, we need to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution not for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a picture.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big, right?
And yet, most of the recent advances in survival of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding, and described in the transmission and the frequency processes of FM based on MRI systems.
Instead, instead of an uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are structured to the frequencies of FM radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the emissions of the FM radio, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scanner.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use FBMurler, we should be able to measure not only the fluid of oxygen -- but the hormones and the distributions that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to bring our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without sadly?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and diseases.
We have a few options more than opening up this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, going to happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not only the gay family.
I think we all have territorials.
His family may be telling someone for the first time that loves or telling someone who is pregnant or telling someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have in your life.
Every wonder is a hard conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously the experience of having lived and having come out of that barrier is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working in the South Side Manhattan California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the sensory partnership, not to cut my angers, quote the letters of A Bank di France as a line.
And I will be aware that because of my heart of my short pants and to have affected my head recently, I would ask myself a little boy, "Hey, are you guys or a girl?"
And a silence would appear on the table.
I would part my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a short of a baby.
The father would spray very quickly the newspaper and the mother would throw a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would go inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into full of the female issues on the table.  I had the quote from Betty Merbergene.
The Atlantic Einstein parts.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina of the "Vagina I would show you.
And then I breathe back and I went down and I went down and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist land, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or girl?"
And then I breathe back again, I put my pants close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair as a kid, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable paralysis.
Well, I'm more than kind of a family of a comfortable fish."
And that girl looked at me very quickly, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite painting is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was it. Only "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the park that I realize?
It was the most easy conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some weapons in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a progress.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels in a branch.
That's how my family is not different than yours or yours or yours.
I would probably give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, was harder than coming out of the self, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who has been declared in bank bank is more difficult than telling me it's been an analytical?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your son of five years than you are going to tell you?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop building what it is difficult to what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our weapons, and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in frustrations, and they may make them feel security, or at least security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are, a branch is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high heels.
It was not the painful lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old boy who would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, curled in a corner of my dark barrier by creating my gay grave, and the moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever made.
My family, my friends, complete strange with whom I spent my whole life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that grandmother, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable grandmothers was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many between the invited ones knew that it was gay, and by making my honor lawyers in my black dress and colleagues, I walked around the tables and finally came to a where the friends of my parents, people who knew me for years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Rome."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Would you ever be in the mission?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's great."
"Well, you know my status All?
It's very good and never talked about having a news."
JL: What's your favorite TV show.
Is our favorite program, Will and Grace and Grandma.
And you know who loves us? Jack action.
Jack is our favorite factor."
And then a woman, a declared but in waiting to show desperately his support, to let me know that I was on my side, finally said search, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the galaxies of grandmother.
It could have been easy to indicate where they felt about messages.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were able to be forced.
And what else can you ask someone, but to anticipate?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody to go out.
But I'm getting better, and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago girl.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it means coming out of any word is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the dramatic. Be yourself.
That little girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give me your games.
If you know they're gay, give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will maintain the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They also apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe seconds, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappointed. But that in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is the one you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark is a graph, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, London.
Imagine, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Russia Department that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether an submarine can be "can hate."
When Andrew Desigh wrote this as a criticism to the proportions of computing like Alan Sunday.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the Earth's not an intelligence of Earth -- but they have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a redenive, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from a alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth's intelligence -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that will destroy the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took for several years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that they were, I think, towards a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be equally suited to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different themes and putting them together, I said, for several years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different problems?
Is there just a equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one and five to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a strength, F that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping the open choices, with a force force, with the diversity of possible future solutions, yes, even an impending period of the future.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to be caught up.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keeping the open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
It predicts the level of human intelligence.
Does it predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research have suggested that the universes that produce more descend, or flowers, for their life should have to have tendency to more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us.
But what if that human connection connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship, a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but it actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Australia, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it is inside.
Amazingly, English could pass multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money by eating action, all of that without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot human without falling out, here we see Australia building automatically a post using a cartoon.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
He simply decided to balance the state.
This equilibrium skill will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technology.
This capacity of use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
And entropy is widely applicable to a variety of distances.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting against itself, using their potential for play.
Here we see Australia recording new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and successfully successfully the net right net.
This same capacity of network architecture also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Allies organizing the routes of a battle of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Allino spontaneously discovering and running a company of compassion, installed in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under their exponentially gesture.
This risk of risk risk will have extended apps in finance and safe.
Alex Afghanistan, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation. They all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the work "French," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
Machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then mountains and trying to help the world.
It is the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, which general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being around.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, how do you look for goals that are described from this kind of machine?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the meeting of stars and losing the planet that we call the home of the Hawking.
Although, in the last few years, we have expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures fresh intensity from stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rocky as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their suns.
At the time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this structure of potentially habitable worlds -- our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
1982 was the most hot recorded record.
Calculating glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from thousands are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have largely aroused our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist, and I am not an extreme scientist.
It studies the ability of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say it looks for alien opportunities in the working sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet right now and the planets we know best -- our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and real and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission like the Kepler King.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied both Mars.
Our versus the consumer trace their surface in pursuit of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Mathemates mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the sense of living on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge ideas and printers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the destructive areas of our planet that are still going to be able to colonize -- really unlikely places compared to Mars.
Even in the richest and most elevated places of the Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen shot by our tropical forests thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the information of Mars and other alien planets have a big and sad shadow -- the implication and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save this influence of the only planet that we know is truly point, the Earth.
As long as I like the exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the list of truth will have place later in the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and the land preservation are not contracepted.
No, they're actually faces of the same monkey, the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial points.
They're just getting closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the resistant areas of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the paradox of Libe.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Exist, I said, considering our universe has been for a long time, and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to be able to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important to protect the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the international influence will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to engage the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I jumped my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window they were at the dining table, where they had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and everybody was well closed.
I thought about calling a career, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a career could take a long time to arrived, and I was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight in Europe to the next morning, and I grew up of my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure no more expensive than a career in the middle of a night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, I would be good stop.
I'm a career neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
The flexible releases that increases the heart rate and the levels of adrenaline and including the thought.
And when I got to the stranger counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe, right?
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't stand.
I was dealing with my colleague Danny Hansen, the Nobel Prize winner. And a little bit embarrassed to him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a property photosynthesis.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kenners, who had written this a few years earlier, known as the primate.
Everybody knows what the problem is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the proportion, as Gangoo explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you with with you is some things that we can do in the shape of a promoting.
Some of them are viewers, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good, where the fish are, that add the crucial trees, where the friends are living and enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes in the London therapeutics.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the silly sense of the squirrel and still they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car, legs of reading and passwords.
So at home a place for keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular one.
If you take a place and you're typing with it, they will always be there when you look for them.
What about the vaccines?
Take the cell a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, and pay, send it by mail to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or trees, this can actually facilitate the distribution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases flower.
The standard is toxic and an interview of thinking.
So part of the reward practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the very best moment, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention, or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this becomes like a program to all make of medical decisions, and in fact to make financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from that will benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks to heart, brain spill of the heart.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol a state."
And perhaps you may have heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most receiving drugs in the world today, even likely you know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, I get the state rises."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you have to ask for most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the Northern, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not get me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilty, and if it's a fault of somebody, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the stress estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recoveries, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before they help a person?
Brother.
This is according to the research of clinical researchers Minduaci Mandela and Vangera California, configurations independently by Motor Computer.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my collections will come down.
Why not? He shows the recipe of all matter."
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Hey about the side effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- terrible pain pain and particular, painting pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking medicine."
But a moment.
Remember, under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how you would take this over time, so you don't have to make the data chain in the act.
So 300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get away by the drug that you help medicine.
I don't say they had to take the state.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that is more done in the older men than 50 -- the anti-mathematics of prostate cancer, the number needed to treat is 99.
That's what 49 surgeries per person has helped to.
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the influence or the correct dysfunction or the immune incomplete, the straight electronics, the fecal incomplete.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think before time the questions that you can ask to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life than could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases solar under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you turn off a lot of systems.
There's a evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator is not necessary to the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapidly. They might be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought, like Danny Hansen and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all active.
We're all going to fail from time in it.
The idea is to think of the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that help you minimize the harm, or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
Being a second of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key door to the door, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of messages I haven't read about.
So I'm not really organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Parish, "Peak is my favorite music.
It means playing.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "Perchly in the score, you need to touch more security.
Two fish, even more smoothly.
Four  extremely sex.
This is my drawing of a free tree there, you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of Americans may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Amazon, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came in during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language was developed that we know today as Karams.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's as if I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, and they are also behaviors.
So how do you understand the sound here?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my areas and they amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't read the poetry."
"Don't do a lot of noise to eat the ball of the factory pass."
"You don't educate, and when you're eating it, you don't want to stop the covers on the ball."
All of this is called a sound interaction."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm super survived of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is for coming next.
Hence there, this drawing.
Ten percent, to say.
And sadly, to keep going.
Thank you.
You can see the spot doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle books and man.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Professor in the Amazon.
A typical spider has five lines.
However, to me, do my thumb with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic absence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and different galleries of different galleries and as I went from somewhere to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now sound has entered my art of art.
Is it going to give me more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something of a listeners.
And sound is so powerful that I could well tell myself and my artistic work, or I could help me.
I chose that I would empower me.
There is massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers from Amazon.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I won't continue with this practice, I feel like I could stay in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, I profoundly in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and the America.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing it in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Afghanistan.
The two are very spatial and highly models that mean that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the car works.
So, imagine a piano.
The America is divided in many different mathematical parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your body, and so while you play the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put it just one key, at once.
But the America is more like a party, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in Amazon.
If only one key would change the patient, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in the end, sells and volume.
In Amazon, using these different charter parameters you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is "the influence of it."
This is the interest of it."
I'm looking at you.
Please look at it.
Oh, I got up.
Ooh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, there's a lot.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the America through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and put it out.
This is the entire day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
All the day."
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "Oh, at night --  All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in American and how it distance the body can express the changes over time.
For example, one half. It's a hand, two young -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I was able to be "attached to the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was one time."
Time "company is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "comparison I think automatically at the same time."
Look measured, right hand -- E, left hand.
We have the spirit through the head and the chest.
(Audience: My Gold Carter "Free "Free "Meal "Meal "Compassion -- I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called "Thank "Charles" ...
Can you do it with me?
All with your hands.
We're now going to do it both in your head as the chest, something like "Chark "Meal," or "The "The same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "where in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this -- please, do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "The Allienna in the America.
Now, the third one. Please tell me again.
And again.
It's "The "The Allienna in the Amazon.
We're going to do the three together.
"It was the fact, "The "and "the "application."
Good job.
Look at how three signs are very similar, everybody happens in the head and the chest -- but they convey very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the America is alive and printed, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And only because the America has no sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allow the DNA to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Amy, not that you have to hear music.
The America is a sensor rich and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Design satisfied. Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can get it all out, but then you have to get it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the awful truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also have an investment and that they're not really good for cleaning each other.
The time country, now I'm an adult and teaching citizenship and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk through the beach with piles of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches up, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't tell you.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a big thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with analogied height for kids to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel cool and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its interest.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic, the kids get excited about the robots.
And then we created quickly what we call a Prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform companies and web cameras in schools, and we assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water, and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer will process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an estimate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The "Tricer -- with the hope that someone else even further.
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they came up with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill -- only using the hands, in the supermarkets, the world's largest surf of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where you bathe it, the water where they live, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called the theory, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can apply through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other children.
I can investigate a problem on Diana I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further and maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and a French half and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those systems destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Broadmoth, a nuclear central near water.
And today, according to the reports about 300 tons of tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has a pollution.
If you go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Bush everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has to be sure, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Broken every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different musicians.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the completely all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and talked about what we were going to do next, the strategy, the foreign, etc.
And to do this, we created a music scale of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the legislation map, we introduced movies to represent data in real time of comparison, and we committed water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the breath system and standing in the ocean.
It was a mathematical estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the nearest to nuclear power to date.
We came up to a mile away from nuclear power, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sediments of the sea floor with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a recording," we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a very small one, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood wood, metal chemistry, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics. You can basically build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually become reality with the help of adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: And they get -- they get them.
So hopefully we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced population by transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric cars in new electric cars.
Play and oil and compassion are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids of the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, designers, babysithes, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two glass camps, two cultures of radically opposite design.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is impose on the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo angel said that when he looked at the remarkable string, he saw a figure fighting for being free.
The skin was only a unique the tool.
But living creatures are not concentrated.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information out of the information to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the progress of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have indicated a world made out of parts and throwing the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as the assembly of different parts of different functions.
But you don't find material materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin.
The stars on the back are more thick with smaller ones.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mostly like a face, and yet, it's the same skin, no parts, no words.
It's a system that gradually shifts its functionality through the variation of the cost.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect when you work today between the skin and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the block and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, moving away from the break and approaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they carry four disciplines that offer designers to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four camps, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 11 meters of diameter with a cellular basis that some day not very distant to print entire buildings -- and graphics to nanoscale made of genetically engineered organisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the cell, an ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every aperture is unique size to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion stop of Paris with Iran van -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece, greened in the continents, flexible around the waist.
And together with 3D 3D printing collaboration, we print this layer and 3D street without seams between cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Congress scanner as well.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair -- a chair at the structure, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this collaboratorial pattern that becomes amazing.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in deception, capacity and color, giving up the pressure points in the human body.
Its surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by the addition of another material or another temperature, but continually moving the material property.
But is it the ideal nature, right?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them got me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "In the third day of the creation, God sends the Earth to grow a fruit free from farm."
For that first crucial tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and factors.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches and cortex and flowers and flowers.
The earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would design be design if objects made a single piece of paper?
We went back to a better state of creation?
So we looked at the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called the supermarket, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, brains and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate dysfunctional structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it reduce bacteria.  We asked a lot of streets to shrimp -- we took them and we produced of the substance.
We have been able to do chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures -- a system with multiple anti-making armors that are completely controlled dramatically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one half three feet long, 100 percent state.
When the pieces are ready, it leaves them dry to find a natural shape in the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a product of the printing process were used to contain statistical organisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we find the bacteria designed genetically to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of bad school, and if it broadens even more, to windows.
A fruit of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to decode them, put in the sea, feed the marine life -- and placed on the ground, they'll help grow a tree.
The bird for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the international travel.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
As the periodic board, we did our own thing of elements -- new forms of life created completely engineered by additive and augmented ways.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid animal, only that instead of engaging metal metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called confidence.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two organisms.
The first is the corner.
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water sources.
And the second one, E. Cold -- the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
A light becomes sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two organisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To get these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help to flow these bacteria and to alter their way function.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, and it turns out the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more interviews, we had more transparent channels.
This remarkable property system, when you stretch from one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field and 10 times more than our thin.
And here it is, as a print at TED, our first remarkable physicist, channels bright with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Chinese said, "We are moral motion creatures.
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the matter of life?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue, and do our bodies have been stopped?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it like this.
It grows up. It's accelerated with sophistication.
This shining silver, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's been morality.
The manufacturing is not a level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different components.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, including those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is first in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to honor an compression.
The tension and the compression. The two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the slide.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm supply.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch -- not inside a box, we realized that he would throw a flat cocoon and still dramatically be transported.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that shape, the composition, the structure of the captain, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to death within their captains, their silk survived and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these implants, we could shape the raw silk without one captain alone.
They would be more administrator and we could create these things.
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hormone robot making silk plates, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk silk worms to the darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the crosses.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm online.
And after feeding four weeks, they were ready to smell with us.
We placed them carefully at the lower edge of the scaffolding and while they were sticking, they self-assemble, they put the eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter than us.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
In the southern silk silk on the tuned silk silk, they give all this pavilion out of their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms are 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The hills, after the classroom, produces 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra lines in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other empty ship.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired by nature to a nature inspired by the design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we are going to get rid of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be from more of the biggest?"
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be from more of the biggest?
They've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question "What you want to be from Morocco?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the materials and the art and developed websites, and also played the guitar.
You may have heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, to have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of demonstration, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something totally different, and I get bored in it, and I let me absorb and I feel Yes! I've found my mine, and then again this point where I start to bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because he wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and give me to get bored myself.
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad at me because I won't define anything for anything.
I was concerned to have fear of engagement, or be spirituality, or and I'm going to see my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have planted then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned, they learned it from culture.
We are asked first "What do you want to be from Marine?
We have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
You consider a naive question to provoke beautiful answers in children like, be a "biotech or being "French or "I want to be persuasion."
They invest the Dilan distributed here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, and I -- I mean, high school students are asked to be a question of college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from Marine?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what we take on sleep.
Why?
While this question inspire kids to dream about what they might be, you don't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though well-intentioned adults might be laughing and say, "Oh, what nice, but you can't be anti-making of violent and colony.
You've got to choice."
This is Dr. Bob Children's -- and he's a virtue of violent and property.
And this Amy Light, a magazine editor turned into a standard, business and business and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of controlled life is very influenced in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or real speed, the idea that each of us has something to spend over time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You are a politics.
A participation is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bank that I say.
It could help if it split in three parts of -- and multiple and potential and age.
You can also use other terms that tell the same idea, as a translation, a state.
During the sentence of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well looking at multiple disciplines.
Barbara South refers to us as "pressions."
They use whatever term you like or invent one of them.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptability to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the politics as a limitation or a fraction that you should prevent.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being like this.
Here are three population superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
The Khan Hong and Rachel Bingothy expressed their shared interests in photographer, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when we founded Remind.
So Joshua is a company that creates a geographically inspired jewelry, inspired.
Here and Ray came up with this unique idea for its eclectic competition of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There are new ideas.
And the information, with all their contacts, can access a lot of these points of interest.
The second power superpower is fast learning.
When the participants are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being impossible, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort zones of comfort.
A lot of skills are familiar to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start in zero.
North Congo is a full-time journey and a independent writer.
As a child child perfecting an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known programming.
Before becoming a writer, North was a financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started their practices and this ability helps to write compelling launch for editors to protected.
It rarely is a waste of time to dedicate what you would face, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third policy superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
So Super Capio is sometimes directors of videos, other people, websites, sometimes construction of Carton, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bang.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The journal Compassion Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that are the individuals and organizations that can be passed to meet the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
Ideas of ideas, rapid learning and ability, three abilities where the institutions are very primated, and three skills that could be lost if they're wired to reduce their targets.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the politics to be themselves.
We have complex problems, three-dimensional problems, and we need creative creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be poor neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made out of a specialist and a operated potential.
So the specialist can dive deep and put it in practice ideas, and the politics provides an app of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will monitor the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the populations in large parts are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said that, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that's this: responding to the internal wiring whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you hit all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the participants in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, researcher with their many patients.
Keep your curiosity through those control cards.
They explore the intersection.
So embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, population, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman called Australia took her to a psychiatric in French.
You add to shape and couldn't remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Arabia.
Anticipans, I didn't know how to help his publishers, but I was going to sell for it until unfortunately, in 1958.
After his death, Alaska did a slap and found weird plates and solved plates in the board of House, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you had a living alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Anacon gave him a 17 years ago.
Anticipal was Dr. Armstrong Albert.
And Dud Deteracion, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1960, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, a lot of treatments for cancer, artists for HIV, for the standards and a lot more.
But recently, it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's ability will be almost one of two of them.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their teenage years with Alzheimer's or helping a friend or being wanted with Alzheimer's was.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease today, and their costs provide a rise of five times in 2050, as the generation of the baby baby begins.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation.
But it has been done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 dead causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one that cannot prevent it, cure or even slow its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's less disease, because we've invested less time and money in the research of the itself.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's cancer despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 18 years, everyone, even scientists, confident Alzheimer's disease.
We think it's going to be a synthesize in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you can only look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's, significantly reduce life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the Sunday brain, a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the paper that are picks.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and hide.
That's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps and the identify of what steps to block is complex, like to defuse a bomb.
Court a cable could do anything.
To cut others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, the wires have been reduced and expected the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, are generosits, chemists and engineers, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in the room.
These are healthy worms -- and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasted in each other as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows Alzheimer's, is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 184 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow up that hope, of overcoming Alzheimer's need, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to understand that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and that if we try it, we can fix it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and real pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators on scientists and laws.
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to prevent cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like authors, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing it myself a night of last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are going to be asked to ask for 36 more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And so what?
As it moves forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30 -- this really like -- Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say you have ever met.
When I hit this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me the attention, the meme that two of the participants had married six months later, and invited all of the lab to the ceremony of the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also interrupted.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall up.
However, we fell in love and --  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the American love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you still asking yourselves alone?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because they've done this question over and over again over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been asked to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably get a few thousand views.
And that brings a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper was published online at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, I had already called the Tone Show and the TED Bronx America.
In a month, the article got over eight million views, and I was, for saying something -- a little bit prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with distinction about their own loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they were always doing first the same question: they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email with the phrase, "Are you still coming together?
And several messages came in immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman free to the stage, "Hey, "Hey, "Where is your name?"
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have brought up life.
In fact, the New York Times published a computer article for San Valley, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
I was rejected interviews of TV, and they refused the pictures of pictures of the two.
I think I was afraid to become the investment of the investment of the sperm process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute constraint.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, or whether it was able to produce sustainable love, not only an adventure, but love, real love.
But this was a question I was not able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt, especially people ask the wrong question.
How do you know if we follow together or not, and also to tell it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for growing interpersonal diseases between college students, using what they Barack called personal profit, progressive and recovery.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer to doing it. Several studies also used the Proclemana Mark Prototyping protocol as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political opportunities.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and he told me with meaning, I passed the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be puzzled by it.
And I said, "You mean that you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Did you feel that they were able to get to know better after testing the study?
The monkey.
So, it worked. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was doing a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love. And I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I became the science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought only for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was talking about the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably I can tell me.
What you look for love is a guarantee -- not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that will still be loved by the person I love.
It can be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall up.
There may be a way to make some of the implicit risk, and this is a very demographic story, because I will love it very wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still follow together?
And his content with a response of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are actually complicated, and how do you know when to cut and to distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your foot?
I don't know necessarily answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still continue together, and I'm very happy.
But I love not the same as staying in love.
So in love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, the love didn't happen.
We fall in love because we take the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I didn't consider everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I don't think how many times we would have both of that decision to make that decision, and how long to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always elect me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and kind, and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe in.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe I'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy happy ending on the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a bit of a lesbian in the mountain and in a way I got as an example of the forest.
The city of New York does a time.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I found a bill from a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought some strange humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spiders.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got funny because here I'm 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from analyzed and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a box for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I tore all the pages and I made a kind of trick classrooms to the Los Angeles Martin Martin -- the sand covered and a bee was trapped up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite: somehow it seemed like it increased size, like you were looking at the text with a magnifying one.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs that I was going to find out the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God is able to draw in space.
I can flow down, draw the same way that you do around a house on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own manufacturer of exactly invented.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects, weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the street layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Silicon.com.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in human form, natural size sculptures with drawings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the queen.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very large, that I call Polith Polite."
By the Stockholm I was inspired by the Samuel of the School of the Soviet School of Soviet Basket that is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the pedaling." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
So half feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the streets.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals are traveling between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation world, to this analytical mesh confusion where they hide.
This is where the creatures with head heads are headed to the street, ready to suicide in mass speed in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a shot.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Handardy -- the political platform of the parallel Dellinopahood, Alliance bin Leanete, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
They're also a kind of a marine marine.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the clouds.
Their hands are like stop and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos.
So it's a aspect of the Philadelphia.
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a cartoon, like a bird painting, and you spit clouds from this computer.
It also has a collection of 5,000 feet long, a shock of snake that binds the Philippe."
Anyway, his tail learns fire in a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happens, you know.
His tail ends up in a population plant of collaboration made of territorial cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you're called the psychologists."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being consequenced, dictionaries or magazine.
But each of you acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they're together, they split.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
So I'm going to hit you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or sense," or whatever it has, a kind of one kind of thing.
It's a quick rapid of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue in the head.
There's a little forest scene inside the coast of the therapy.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a strange box called Parkinson's Australia.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a school, a museum, a school, a publishing arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We looked at the box and all the people in the face of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of frontiers of religion doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with surface and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
Take a passing.
But for this pill to have effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and extra system so that any stress medication effect in the body.
The disease, though, is that when you bring any drug out of it, you swallow any drug drawing.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the recommendation of culture cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in time they tend to get to the blood stream, they collaborate, and worse even by the time they tend to get to their destination, which is where it's more important -- in the HIV department.
These are regions of the body as the lymph lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is active, and it doesn't easily enter the blood itself in the patients who move to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a long-term treatment of life that's been for real.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of college?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me: the lasers of course.
If you use it in antibiotics, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use for anything imaginative, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or perfect holes extremely small, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You say, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful laser laser on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser throws the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of minutes.
Before you even notice, the hole is approaching immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask questions.
Well, the answer is: through a story of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an ear on the infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly into the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all researchers in HIV -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militaries.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand these creative agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of nonviolent participation to non-violence.
I do a field job, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a disappointment between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 123 peace peace agreements between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how to do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are relationships.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the "Libera Lear, known by its violent face against Israel.
Since his creation in the 1980s, "Leone has also established a political party, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Saley, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza France from 2007.
So these groups make more than just shoot up.
They're metaphor.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, television stations. websites of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the journal of Africa, printed in English and published to replace.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without a shark -- but through profitable business -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength and increase their funds.
The armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put into professional training programs.
Let's play all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that state doesn't bring -- security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban standards in an Afghanistan described by the war or even the beginning of the 2008 car -- it can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid together.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated how sophisticated these organizations, we can less call it as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like "Louisly Bonica?
They take part of a territory, manage all of their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a recent group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Africa?
The lines describe.
We live in a world of state, from nations and hybrid nations, and the more weak states are states, as in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap the non-state actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in the tools.
It has to fill that governance in the middle of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives will offer to encourage the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, the military power can win some battles but not giving us peace or stability.
To make these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as an American.
My opinions about gender equality are antibiotics, but I fear that accepting the label of the "microbian" would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore it actually acting me as a bad frustration.
Or at least, I wrote a paper, and a book called "The "Mallen" bad and then in interviews, people started to call me the Bill Ball.
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself, and a deliberate control, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and 20 years old, I had strange ideas about feminist women, these furry women, angry women, with men and hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when people were going to continue to be American.
Being tagged as a feminist was a particle, a taboo and a nasty word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, and he asks too much, with high self-esteem, and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and it can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of it.
For me, certain statements are improvements, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same ground for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free of fair or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or evangelical activities.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality -- social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of influence, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident. But to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist from me.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear rap music propositing all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and involved me deeply, the classic Shakespeare "The Hollywood Hong of the High Bang is incredible.
Do reality with your own marketing.
Pete, it turns out until you get rid of the Congo."
Think about it.
Pop poetry, right?
I'm completely demonstrated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the chest of junk and the store of the machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Balcon and the romantic commons, and I have absurd fantasies of the stories of the stories that make it happen.
Some of my favorites are more desired.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confidented so it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose from.
We solved this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored, or historically described the needs of women of color, and workers and humanity and bisexual women, the favor of white women, and high men.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad family.
The next thing is this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put into feminist states in a penis.
We hope that they take the perfection.
When we were disappointed, we would take them very much like the same pain where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster. I already consider myself from that puzzle before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being tagged as animations.
You're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a substance for fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to deal with the little realistic expectations.
Take Benjamin, or as I call it, the Make.
In the last few years, it's a designer designer.
In the Rivers Music Barriers in 2014, at Matheman, act in front of the word 260 feet tall.
It was a wonderful show, and to see this star star openly openly openly openly embrace feminism and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started analysis if Benjamin was or not precisely feminist.
They shifted their feminism rather than simply believing the word of a adult and mature woman.
We demanded perfection of feminist because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much to do so much.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, demonstrated it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad member, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our experiences to realize it, going to action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I listen to music, I am creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we minimize change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have his music to be so painting?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think in my survival, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, and they decided and brilliant and too brave.
Where you appreciate the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is visited as a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treated to sexual violence against women as sports as it goes to the Team of Tense.
We can change the radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a battlefield.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people."
Those of us who are depressed but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be including even more how we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the positions of decisions.
Because we are not mere members. No mere means, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the power of directors and movie and music and music, Charlies, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or any of any speed.
The last line of my book "Hampanity "spark," he says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, especially because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me get it.
There was a incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids advised me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and then I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it, I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave -- another woman could hear me and look at me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the sub-scale reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad frustration, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need to get such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 125 children in California, they had measles, for having visited Finland or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Mexico.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles. It can be fatal for a child with an addictive immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is a effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Wikipedia outbreak.
But a moment, was it not the article that was unleashed by autism and descended vaccines and destroyed and forced by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Archiveling?
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that the vaccines cause autism is a stranger?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it believed in creating their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were stable only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot out.
Forget fundraising organizations, like autism Sams refer to autism as a epidemic as a epidemic as if I could get away from another child in Thailand.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Centers Center of Disease Control in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like Presidents of "Massed Diagnostic and "The best care detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't mean a lot of the fears of a young mother who is looking for their face of two years old, the visual contact.
If the criteria of diagnosis had to expand -- why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow progress and complete progress of science than the power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kenya, by the hospital Johns Bangladeshi, in 1973, Kansalb published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds -- bringing people around their around, even to their own parents.
They could run for hours by shaking their hands in their faces, but they were prey from the panic for all of their faces, as they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansard speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as major authority of the world in the subject, to declare that I had seen less than 150 true cases of its syndrome while collecting references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising because the criteria of Kansarton for autism diagnosis were very research.
For example, that were self-assembled giving that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He was once glad that he had turned to nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansable was a smart man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
It blocks autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and security.
These kids, he said, they've been still kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kansalb noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that include in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symbols before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Leone substance."
But Kansalb had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like the kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kenya that autism was weird.
Link units -- the cognitive psychology of London thought that the theory of the Indian mothers of Kansalb was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and she had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
Less and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sussi without any special education, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Line and their colleague, Judith Robert decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a North London suburb called Marx to try and find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kenya model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were angry in their fascination for artificial, in dinosaurs or the beauty of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and stealth squares like John, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kansalb would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been ever required before.
But then Langard found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944, the next year to the President of Kansarty, and then I forgot it, buried under the ashes of terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kansard knew about this article of competition, but he avoided the manufacturing in his own work.
There was no even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Marshall, who runs an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's to teach children of learning were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and the kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Peter described it as a collaborative disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Peter calls them their little teachers, and they were determined to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Marshall saw autism as a diverse continued to encompass an amazing variety of disasters and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in ancestors known in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the teacher teacher.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art, a picture of autism is essential.
Line and Judith discovered that Kansard was wrong when autism was incredible, as well as the parents were the cares.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatric to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called "The Australia Shake."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into virtuality, replacing the limited model of Kansastry for a wide and inclusive of the Parks.
These changes didn't fall in broken contact.
Usually, when Line and The Buddha were working between the stories to reform these criteria, people around the world saw an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out and "The Man Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, I was commissioned by experts knew what the autism, but after the inevitable performance of Guinea Tempotes like Manhattan Bank and the recognition of "The Manhattan Man with four Nobel prize and partnerships, prisoners, teachers and fathers from all over the world know what autism.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Egyptian Manhattan changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostic started to rise up, just like Really Lean and Judith actually hoped that it was like that, getting people with autism, and their families finally got the support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Schwarz came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnostic -- a simple, powerful, seductive history as bad as the Bonobox theory that autism was incredible.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 60 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical breakthroughs by taking the term the trade of human cognition.
One way to understand biodiversity is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Australians, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily strong, extremely social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Now, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Marshall, which believed that Corporation for the most sophisticated aspects of autism are found in understanding of teachers, employers with ability, community communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named English Babylon once said, "We need all the hands in covered to redesign the ship of humanity."
As we navigate towards a uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste not a brain.
Thank you.
